Professor Hector Moncrieff had never been to Mongolia or South America. He had not entered a nightclub in at least 15 years. None the less, the physicist was now sprinting up a Mayan temple chased by two bouncers from a Mongolian nightclub. This is a test from poetica.
 
The temple was pyramid shaped, made of red sandstone, like something one would expect to see in a South American archaeological site. Each row of stone was about a metre high and each of the four sides had a stone staircase down the middle. The 40 metre high structure was capped with a squared off stone top. Oddly, this temple appeared to have been built quite recently and was in the centre of Cambridge, England.
 
Hector was tall and lightly built, just on the wrong side of 40, with unruly blond hair and round John Lennon glasses. Ten minutes ago he had been performing routine checks on his prototype molecule oscillation modulator. The device needed weeks of calibration before full testing could begin, but somehow Hector's DNA had been scrambled by the machine throwing him unceremoniously into this strange version of Cambridge. The modulator consisted of a tablet computer, a stainless steel device resembling a Frisbee and a power source that looked like a ski pole. Hector carried these three items in his hands as he raced up the steps of the temple. He hoped he would eventually be able to reverse whatever accident contrived to send him here and get himself back to his home universe and family.
 
However, his first concern was the men chasing him. In his younger days as a student at Cambridge University Hector had been an accomplished long distance runner representing St. John's College. All that training gave him the edge over the heavily built Asian men in their suits sweating up the temple steps behind him. Hector was 5 metres from the apex of the temple, and 5 metres ahead of the bouncers when he began tapping icons and numbers onto the tablet's screen. Each command sent bits and bytes inside the tablet off on races of their own executing algorithms which triggered routines and subroutines, warming the circuits of the small device while an unassuming hourglass appeared on the screen. If he could get a few more seconds ahead of the men, he might just have time at the top of the temple to set up the DNA modulator and zap himself back home, just maybe.
 
While still climbing and struggling to see the tablet's screen in the bright sun of the spring day, Hector tripped on an uneven step sending the tablet crashing onto the stone and the ski pole rolling down the steps into the hands of the quickest and biggest of the Mongolian men. The man had big hands, a flat face and a neck as wide as a coal barge merging his head seamlessly onto his shoulders. He had a wispy little goatee beard like an ancient China-man, but the body of a weightlifter in his prime, nearly as wide as he was tall and without an ounce of fat. Both of them were squeezed into navy blue business suits. The big man scooped up the ski pole device and carried on after Hector without breaking stride.
 
From the highest point of the temple, a fat man in a blue pinstriped business suit watched the scene play out below. His name was Kane Lothsen; his jowls flapped in the wind like flags as he did his best to look tall and all powerful atop the temple. He considered himself as a king surveying his subjects below. However, any observer would see only a red-faced fat man stuffed into a business suit, obviously winded from the climb to the top.
 
Lothsen needed to know how Hector Moncrieff had achieved inter-universe travel. Did he possess the brilliant mind which Lothsen needed to further his endeavours, had he just been lucky, or had someone helped him? Lothsen would find out soon enough. He watched as his men finally caught up with Hector and started to drag him back down off the Mayan temple to the streets of Cambridge. He must be more careful with this scientist than he had been with others. Lothsen had an unfortunate tendency to destroy people before he had extracted all of what he needed from them.
