"Mum actually sent a text." Marnie and Matt were walking home from school the day after their dad went missing. They had both received the same message from their mother, Sylvia. It read: "Family meeting in the Eagle Pub, 6:00 p.m. sharp!"
 
"She must be really worried about Dad." said Matt, "Mum's never this direct and commanding, on the other hand, she hates texting so she's hardly going to waste thumb strokes on polite banter." Like her husband, Sylvia was an academic at Cambridge University. She was working on a book on historical aspects of anthropology.
 
The Eagle pub was down a small lane and across the street from the lab. According to the sign outside, the pub was established in 1525. The sign also stated:
 
<p class="simulate_blockquote">'During their research in DNA in the early 1950s, Watson and Crick used the Eagle as a place to relax and discuss their theories whilst refreshing themselves with ale.'</p>
<p><br/></p>
Hector and his fellow scientists often used the pub in exactly the same way.
 
Marnie, Uncle Rob and Matt assembled at a small table in the pub garden well before the appointed time. Matt's chair was an example of a classic iron garden variety, very straight backed and in need of a cushion. Even at 15 years old Matt had been to this pub many times with his family and so he already had a photograph of this chair in his collection. Matt collected seats and chairs. Some people collect coins, stamps or dolls. Matt collected things that could be sat on. He photographed them, made notes about them, and perched on them. He found it somehow comforting that although all humans have pretty much the same need to get off their feet from time to time, there were so many ways of doing so.
 
Sylvia strode into the pub garden, spotted Matt, Marnie and her younger brother Rob and went straight to them. She didn't even stop at the bar for her usual large dry white wine. "I have spoken to five departments of the Cambridgeshire police, called Addenbrooke's and three other nearby hospitals. I've sent texts and emails to twenty of Hector's friends and colleagues. Nobody has seen him since you did Rob. That was nearly twenty-four hours ago. Rob, go through your story again. I might just believe you this time. But, if this turns out to be one of your jokes, like when we were kids, you will be so very, very sorry!"
 
Thirty-three year old Rob began to fidget. Marnie and Matt exchanged a nervous glance. Sylvia stared waiting for Rob to retell the events from when he last saw Hector. "He was testing the DNA modulator yesterday. Nothing was going right. "Gremlins in the machine" Hector kept saying."
 
"Wait a minute, what is the DNA modulator and what is it supposed to do?" said Marnie.
 
"It is that big, ancient looking apparatus in the corner of the lab; the desk with dials, buttons and the screens. As I told you yesterday, we were working on a theory that human DNA oscillates at a specific frequency and that it is intertwined with vibrations of the universe we inhabit. The two patterns are so closely tied that changing one will change the other. The modulator attempts to alter human DNA vibrations."
 
Marnie kicked Matt under the table. "Are we supposed to know what that means?" she whispered"
 
"Isn't altering your own DNA pretty dangerous?" Matt cut in.
 
"The experiment was carefully controlled," Rob continued. "We were gradually stepping up the power and measuring the effects. When we finished the day before yesterday, we were at five kilojoules which produced only two percent waveform distortion. Of course, there are so many variables to manipulate and consider. We were expecting to be at this for months trying different combinations. Anyway, I was working on a computer at one end of the lab with my back to Hector while he was running tests. After a while I noticed the lab was unusually quiet, I looked up and Hector wasn't there. He would have had to walk right past me to get to the door. As you know, there is only one small window in the lab, none of us could fit through it so he couldn't have gone out through the window. I worry that somehow he might have accidentally modulated his own DNA too much. If the theory is correct he might be in some sort of parallel universe or something."
 
Sylvia sat for a moment. "Was anything else gone from the lab?"
 
Rob paused in thought, then his face went white. "We'd better go back to the lab and look."
 
The lab was only two hundred yards from the Eagle and the four of them were quickly heading down the street and up the three flights of narrow stone steps into Hector's dusty lab. 
