Uncle Rob held up two polished silver objects. The first was similar to a walking stick or ski pole. The second was like a kind of Frisbee. "There should be two sets of these mobile DNA modulators, but I only see one."
 
"What do those do? Why should there be two sets of them?" asked Marnie.
 
"They don't do anything on their own. They are controlled by a program Hector wrote just a few days ago. Hector and I both have a copy of the program on our tablet PCs."
 
Marnie stepped over and took the Frisbee device. "This seems odd, most of Dad's homemade instruments are cobbled together with duct tape and glue. These are slick and polished. I'd expect to see these in a modern art exhibition rather than here in Dad's lab. I wonder where he got these."
 
True enough, they were completely unlike any other equipment Hector had created in his many years of experiments. The polished steel stick and Frisbee were heavier than they looked, very solid and without visible buttons, dials or controls of any kind.
 
Rob stared at the stick and Frisbee. The look on his face changing to reflect overwhelming concern for his brother-in-law and mentor. "Hector made these, they work together with the apparatus in the corner there. The stick is primarily a power source. The plate or Frisbee modulates DNA vibrations. Hector said they were like a life jacket and that we must never perform experiments on the modulator without having a set of these on us. I didn't take him seriously."
 
"What are you saying?" asked Marnie. "Do you think Dad has gone to some other universe with only a Frisbee and a ski pole to bring him back?"
 
"I'm sure he didn't do it on purpose but that might be what has happened. The pole and Frisbee were only very theoretical and never tested. In fact, he only built them over the past few days. He worked on them like a man possessed."
 
Sylvia sat quietly on a stool, her chin resting on her hand. Marnie and Matt wandered to the other end of the lab. Marnie whispered, "Could your adjustments to the modulator apparatus thing have caused it all to go so badly wrong?"
 
"YOUR fiddling with it almost certainly caused Dad to vanish to some unknown place," Matt whispered harshly in response.
 
Sylvia began pacing as Rob stood holding the silver stick and Frisbee or 'mobile DNA modulator' as he referred to them. "OK Rob," she said. "Let's assume that Hector accidentally modulated himself away to somewhere yesterday afternoon. Let's also assume that he would have modulated himself back here by now if he could. That means one of two things. Either he is out there somewhere and needs help to return, or.... well I can't contemplate the other alternative. Is there some way we could communicate with him or find a trace of where he went?"
 
Rob thought for a few tense minutes, put down the stick and Frisbee and then checked some readings from the clunky modulator on the table. He then checked the old black and white TV screen attached to it. "These readings indicate a successful transfer of some sort, but I couldn't guess where to. I don't know how these theoretical other universes constructed of differently modulated DNA even work."
 
Sylvia looked at her brother for what seemed like minutes. Something was communicated between them as brother and sister in a way that Marnie and Matt had never accomplished. Without speaking Rob picked up the mobile modulator stick and Frisbee and put them carefully into his backpack along with his tablet PC. Returning to the modulator at the table, he studied the dials again.
 
'Wait,' cried Marnie. 'What are you doing? You are not going to turn that thing on are you?'
 
Sylvia calmly stepped over to her children, "Rob knows what he is doing." She said. "If Hector needs help Rob will bring him back to us."
 
"But, but... he can't..." Marnie attempted to protest.
 
"If Dad is in some sort of trouble, won't Uncle Rob just be in the same trouble too?" Matt said. "How do we know he will be able to actually help?"
 
Sylvia and Rob seemed to know something they weren't sharing. Marnie and Matt shared a secret too, about altering the settings on the modulator. They were too ashamed to admit to it.
 
"Let me tell you about a discussion your dad and I had a couple of nights ago," said Sylvia. "Hector was convinced that human DNA vibrations are powerful and link us to the universe we are in. Another piece of research is showing that when many humans focus their thoughts on the same goal the DNA modulations can combine as waves in the same pattern, adding more and more power. This effect has been known for centuries and has often been created by group prayer and other related activities. What is being discovered now is that the closer the DNA of the people involved, the more powerful the effect. A large family group all concentrating on the same thing can create a sort of tidal wave of DNA modulations. Hector hoped to be able to use that power somehow."
 
Marnie looked slightly perplexed and said, "So, you think that Uncle Rob and Dad together might have more than twice the power of just Dad on his own?"
 
Matt didn't fully understand, "But, Uncle Rob and Dad are not blood relatives, doesn't that matter? Also, there are only two of them. Granted they are smart and all that, but one man and his brother-in-law hardly constitutes a large, closely related family group."
 
"We have to hope the two of them will be enough," said Sylvia.
 
Uncle Rob said, "We'll be fine. There is not a lot that Hector and I can't do when we put our minds to it. Also, I have the advantage of knowing I am about to go off to a different universe. Hector wouldn't have been expecting it."
 
Matt was about to explain about how Marnie had altered the settings when Uncle Rob hit an important looking button on the screen of the apparatus. Matt looked at Marnie, trying to guess what she was thinking.
 
 Matt was remembering how at the age of thirteen the two of them were given train tickets and dropped off at London's St Pancras Station with a backpack each and some spending money. They made their way to Geneva where Uncle Rob met them after attending a conference at the CERN particle physics laboratory.
 
Matt also thought back to their seventh birthday when they were given a ride in a hot air balloon. They had a pilot of course, but mum and dad had stayed on the ground as the twins, barely able to see over the side of the wicker basket, rose up above their parent's heads and into the sky. The point was that their parents had always encouraged them to have adventures and take risks albeit calculated ones.
 
Without a word Matt and Marnie both knew what they had to do. They had to go with Uncle Rob and find their father, the father they had sent to who knows where.
 
"No!" shouted Sylvia as she watched her children dive at Uncle Rob and clutch his arms. "No, don't." Sylvia's brother and children then vanished before her eyes. 
