The previous day.
"I am a useless waste of space. I haven't done anything of any value in my whole life."

Once upon a time in the middle of the raod. One could write and write an entire book - or perhaps not.

"You're only 15" replied Marnie's twin brother Matt. The twins were in their father's physics lab supposedly doing their homework. Matt's was to discuss the mathematical complexities of Chaucer's 'Rhyme Royal' Style. He was armed for homework with just one poetry book, a ballpoint pen and an envelope which sat in his back pocket. The envelope was empty. Its sole value was that it had quite a bit of white space on the front and back on which to scribble notes, should he feel the need. The assignment was a special task given only to Matt. In a spiteful moment, Marnie had convinced Matt's teachers that he was a gifted genius who never needed to study to get top marks on his school assignments. The result was that the teachers gave him harder and harder tasks. They graded his papers with the gusto and enthusiasm reserved for their best pupils thinking the extra push would help him achieve academic greatness. Matt quickly guessed that Marnie was somehow behind this "special learning experience" that had been set for him.
 
For her maths homework, Marnie was armed with five books, four recently sharpened pink "Hello Kitty" pencils, two calculators and a spiral notebook sporting the words '1970s Style Laptop' on the front cover. Her homework planner notebook had the name Margaret in big letters across the front. Matt had written that knowing how much his sister disliked her real name. Her parents had named her after Margaret Burbidge, an astrophysicist that worked at Cavendish Labs in the 1950's. She figured out how heavy galaxies are among other things. Marnie thought that was all very nice, bet she never liked the name.
 
Matt watched her for a moment. Some of the boys at school thought Marnie was "hot." Matt might have agreed if she hadn't been his sister. She was tall, slender, athletic, had good posture and flaming red hair. In a fit of devilment and revenge Matt told his friends that Marnie was a lesbian. This rumour successfully made the rounds at school. Marnie would have trouble getting getting a boyfriend.
 
Marnie removed her headphones before speaking this time. Matt knew she was serious when she no longer had wires leading from her pocket to her ears. "What makes you think the next 15 years are going to be any more productive for me than the last? Apparently we humans learn just about everything important we will ever learn by the age of five. Our most creative years are now behind us Matt. Before you know it we'll be twenty and you know it's all downhill towards the grave from there."
 
The small attic room that their father Hector had been allocated by the university physics department was barely big enough to be called a laboratory, but Hector had made good use of the space. It was located atop the old Cavendish Laboratory in the centre of Cambridge. The atmosphere was conducive to studying and Matt and Marnie preferred it to the library or their bedrooms. Hector had just gone out to buy some bits of hardware he needed to repair one of the ancient pieces of equipment he had scavenged from real labs in other parts of the building.
 
"I just want to make a difference in the world" reiterated Marnie. "I want to change something, anything, otherwise what is the point of using up all this oxygen every day? I need to do something useful to counter my carbon footprint or I'm just another global statistic aren't I?"
 
"What would you change then?" asked Matt.
 
Marnie looked out of the small attic window at the many bicycles parked on the street below. 
"I'd change anything, I'd let the air out of someone's bike tyres. Who knows, that might cause the owner to invent a fantastic new form of transport."
 
"That's just vandalism, hardly a contribution to the global good."
 
"OK, you're right" conceded Marnie. "I'll invent something super myself, but what? No, it has to be something, right here, right now. I'm going to make a change now, any change to the world, I'll ..."
 
Matt interrupted, "How about picking up your bag of dirty gym kit off the floor before Dad trips on it and yells at us again? Or, you could actually do some homework instead of just talking about it. That would be different."
 
"Don't be so lame. I'm going to ..." Marnie looked around her father's physics lab. She saw her father's current project. The equipment looked like something left over from the first Apollo space mission of 1969. It took up an entire corner of the small lab and consisted of a desk upon which sat something like a giant pressure cooker, a TV screen from before the days of colour, and row upon row of dials and switches. Despite all that it probably had less computing power than their Uncle Rob's latest new mobile phone.
 
"I'm going to help with Dad's experiment by fixing the settings on all these dials and stuff. That will help. Dad said it wasn't working. The worst that can happen is that it still won't work. On the other hand, I might fix it, I could change the world! That's it, I am going to do a random act of improvement every day. By the time we are 30 at least one of those acts will have really, really changed the world for the better. Yes, that's it, my plan is now in action."
 
Marnie started fiddling with the controls on the equipment, changing settings of the dials and switches.
 
"Marnie, stop messing with that," said Matt looking up from his poetry book. "You don't know what effect that might have on Dad's experiments."
 
"That is the whole point. I just might do something. I've had enough of studying, preparing, wondering what I'll do when I grow up. I'm doing it now."
 
Marnie changed settings on various dials, Matt then tried to put them back as they were. After several minutes of this, both stepped back from the apparatus unsure of what they had done.