When Matt regained consciousness he groggily considered the wisdom of their rash decision to search for their father, Marnie and Rob were still passed out on the floor. He staggered to his feet and to the small window in the low sloping ceiling of the attic lab room. Looking across Cambridge from the window, he saw the usual spires of the churches and old university buildings. Most of the buildings were of classical architecture from up to 800 years ago, but sprinkled among them were a few ugly constructs from the 1960s. One of the most impressive buildings in the view from this 3rd floor vantage point should have been Kings College Chapel on its prime location beside the river Cam. Matt's mouth fell open like a fish. "Marnie! Uncle Rob! Are you OK? Get up off the floor, you'll want to see this. Kings College seems to have been replaced with a red Mayan temple. The transfer must have worked, we are in another universe."
 
Seconds later Marnie staggered to her feet, transforming from comatose to full-on in an instant. Matt couldn't help noticing that she wore a t-shirt emblazoned with the words "I'm with stupid," and an arrow pointing to where Matt would be standing at her side. Rob was more like a grizzly bear slowly emerging from winter hibernation and not yet convinced that getting up was a good idea.
 
Marnie searched around the room examining instruments and items on the tables. "This looks just like Dad's lab to me, except Mum was standing there a minute ago." She reached the small window, wiped the grime from a circular patch for a clearer view, and then stepped back as if she had just seen a ghost. "There is a South American temple in the middle of Cambridge."
 
By now the hibernating grizzly inside Uncle Rob had pretty much awakened and was as hungry for information as a bear would be hungry for food after a long winter. He lumbered over to join the twins at the window. "All those theories were right. We really have travelled to another universe, just as your father postulated. Can you imagine the ramifications of this?"
 
Matt had not taken his eyes off the temple since first seeing it. "You know what is odd, that temple somehow looks as though it fits this English city don't you think? It is quite new and well maintained, not a relic from a thousand years ago like all the temples in the history books."
 
The three fell into an uncomfortable silence as the importance of what had just happened began to dawn on them. They had gone from home to a place that was almost the same—but not the same.
 
"What do we do now? Is there any sign of dad here? Should there be" asked Matt, breaking the silence.
 
"We ought to try the mobile modulator," said Rob, already starting to assemble the device. He balanced the Frisbee on the stick and gave it a spin.
 
Marnie could almost not bear to look. "What if it doesn't work?" she said.
 
The Frisbee balanced on the stick for the smallest of moments before it fell to the floor, taking Marnie's spirits with it. Then Marnie remembered, "Don't you have to calibrate something Uncle Rob?"
 
"Of course!" he replied, digging into his backpack for the tablet PC. Within seconds, he was tapping away. The seconds grew into minutes, which seemed like hours. As he typed, Rob's earlier confidence was replaced by a nervous sweat. "I am not sure how to calibrate it," he said at last. "I think we need some settings. It seems we need to know what universe we're in now. It's like reading directions from a map. You need to know where you are starting from. I guess it is like being driven somewhere with a blindfold on. If the blindfold comes off you need to figure out where you are before knowing how to head back."
 
"We're in the same room we were in before we did the so called travelling," said Marnie.
 
"True, but that Mayan Temple out of the window there shows we are not completely in the same place," replied Uncle Rob.
 
"So how do we know where we are?" Matt asked, now feeling guilty that they had not admitted that he and Marnie had stupidly changed the settings on the modulator.
 
Rob spoke while reading from the tablet computer's screen, "The programme is asking for the signature of this universe. To determine that, it needs the point in time, or significant point when the visited universe diverged from the home universe."
 
"Just guessing here, but the Mayan temple would be a good place to start, wouldn't it?" said Marnie, already at the door. "What are we waiting for? Let's go."
