Sylvia was now sitting alone in the lab. She had always detested the chair she was sitting in. Hector had chosen it in the bargain isle of a large grocery store while she was busy gathering food for dinner. He said it epitomised style and comfort. She found it cheap and nasty and neither comfortable nor stylish. For these reasons, the chair had been the first piece of furniture to be sent from their flat to the lab. It occupied a prime position in a dusty corner between what looked like the first computer ever made, and a small slightly cracked white sink.
 
The lab was full of equipment but devoid of people. Sylvia desperately wanted people, her family to be precise, in the room with her.
 
Sylvia thought back to her third year at the university, specifically to a warm spring day much like this one, the day she and Hector first met. She let her mind wander as she often did when frustrated with her research and in search of a diversion from her books. She was not averse to studying or hard work; it was just that her chosen fields of history and anthropology were not living up to her expectations.
 
She had wanted to learn what made humans tick, why they did what they did. Why did people continually move and migrate to new, unknown lands that often turned out to be no better than the places they had left? Why are so many of the world's religions similar in so many ways even though they evolved independently? Rather than find answers to those questions, it seemed to Sylvia she was given only endless lists of social events to memorise. She was so frustrated she nearly dropped out of university that year.
 
Nowadays Sylvia's usual distraction was searching the internet for curious bits of hardware. She would challenge herself to find something new and think of a use for it, before returning to her studies. Yesterday she found 1476 yards of Kevlar thread for only £19.50. Could this 135-pound tensile strength thread be used to make a giant spider web sculpture in the garden outside the family apartment?
 
On a particular spring day many years ago, Sylvia had escaped the drudgery of her books by punting on the river with a few of her girlfriends. They were poetry on the water; pretty girls gallivanting on the river Cam. Sylvia, tall and graceful, was piloting the boat.
 
Punts are notoriously difficult to steer so it was not hard for Sylvia to engineer a collision with an oncoming punt containing a brace of handsome young men. Hector was in that boat. The two of them talked late into the night. She told him of her frustrations with anthropology, and he told her of his studies in the new field of DNA frequency mapping. He explained how human genome mapping was interested in just 10% of our DNA, with the rest considered "junk" by most biologists. Hector was working on a theory that the 90% resonates in waves, with a frequency that communicates with DNA in other living things. He was hoping to determine whether combined human endeavour is much more powerful because of combined DNA vibrations.
 
This sort of science excited Sylvia. She wanted to know more and more. Over the following months, she looked anew at her fields of study and her relationship with Hector grew in many directions. Their twin children, Matt and Marnie, was one of them.
 
A loud beep from the apparatus beside her brought her back from her memories. Were her children and brother trying to contact her across other universes? Was it Hector? She sat bolt upright in the ugly chair, keeping a close watch on the machine, bitterly regretting her decision to allow Rob to try to follow Hector.
 
There were no further signs from the machine.
 
As more time elapsed uneventfully, Sylvia attempted to meditate to calm herself. She practiced but had never mastered meditation. She was far too worried now to relax her mind into it. Instead, she found herself with her laptop open absentmindedly searching the internet for a distracting gadget. She was dreaming up uses for fluorescent, stretchy, worm-like material that can stretch to 15 times its normal length (only £3.95 a metre).
 
Should she have told Rob and the kids about Hector's dreams? She and Hector had agreed not to tell anyone when they had started two weeks ago. Hector woke one morning and, as the unsolvable problems of past years unravelled in his mind, he was able to construct a set of mobile modulators in only three days. Hector suddenly and inexplicably knew all the answers. He said it was like a blueprint had been planted in his head overnight. He also knew he had to build two sets, not just one.
 
Sylvia had also dreamed: of her family living out adventures in strange new worlds. She had seen her children with a silver walking stick and Frisbee-like object that were somehow related to the adventure. The feeling she had in the morning was one of pride, knowing that her children were growing up and getting unique experiences in these strange and different places. In the dreams, they were all together, but something must have gone terribly wrong. Hector had disappeared without the rest of them.
 
Her laptop finished loading another web page. What could she do with a "home grommeting pack" It was only £5.75, including tools and 20 grommets. Maybe she could put the grommets into some old bed sheets and make a sail?
