"They could have made a bit more effort with the interior design here," Matt said as his eyes slowly adjusted to the relative darkness." The entrance to the Fitzwilliam museum was dark. Not dark as in the lights are turned off, just dark from all the heavy hardwood used to construct the two large staircases, walls and floors, and dark from a lack of windows. Compared to the bright spring sunshine outside it was like being in the blazing heat and light of the Egyptian desert and then descending into the dark depths of a stone pyramid.
 
"What a creepy place," added Marnie. "Which door do we go in through?"
 
Across from where they stood at the entrance was a large, curved desk behind which sat three members of staff. Their purpose was unclear to Matt, Marnie and Rob as well as to the several small groups of tourists milling around in the gloomy entrance hall.
 
Matt, Rob and Marnie headed between the groups of tourists towards a pair of glass double doors at the back of the lobby. To their left was a group of what looked like German businessmen. To their right were half a dozen college students, each armed with large sheets of art paper and coloured pencils. Ahead of them was a family, probably local Cambridge residents judging by their absence of maps, cameras, and guidebooks. They consisted of a mum, a dad, a toddler of about three years old, and a baby in a pram. They were blocking the glass door while the mum dug about in the undercarriage of the pram looking for a wet wipe or some other vital parenting tool. Marnie was in the lead and was about to stop and wait for the family to finish their business when the baby pointed directly at her and began gurgling, laughing and making faces. Without thinking Marnie screwed her mouth into a ball and replied with baby talk, causing the baby to giggle even harder. Soon Marnie was dancing for the baby's entertainment.
 
Uncle Rob and Matt watched in confusion. The baby's family paid no attention and made no sign of acknowledgment to Marnie while she amused their child. After a bit Marnie became suddenly aware she was interacting with another human from this strange universe who could apparently see and hear her. Just to check, she asked the baby's mother if she had the time. The baby continued to follow Marnie's movements, but the mother was oblivious to her. Soon the family proceeded through the doors and into the main hall of the museum.
 
"It just gets weirder and weirder," Matt said. "Why can some people here see us and others can't?"
 
They followed the family through the doors. "Where do we start, genius," said Marnie to her Uncle Rob.
 
"Well, we are looking for the big difference between our universe and this one. So, what's in this museum now that wasn't here the last time you were here? Didn't you say you came here with your school just a couple of weeks ago? What has changed?" Rob asked Matt.
 
"Actually, I was not on my best academic form on that day, at least my prime focus was not on history, I just couldn't concentrate."
 
"The distraction was not anything to do with Becky Whitehouse was it? I have heard talk at school about you two." Marnie dived in with the attack.
 
"I wish it had been. Becky is pretty cute." Matt was learning that surprise was often the best defence against Marnie. Throw her off balance, was the advice Mum gave him after one extremely heated discussion.
 
"Let's just get looking," responded Marnie, giving in to Matt this time.
 
They wandered through the museum looking for something different from the exhibits they would see at home. They saw old pottery, old paintings, and old statues. Nothing was of much interest until they reached the South American section. "I don't remember this room being here," said Matt as they gazed around the displays. He saw stone carvings of women with large headdresses, and a bathtub of the same stone with gory battle scenes carved into the sides.
 
"Look at this mask." called Marnie. "Scary looking or what? The sign says it's made of turquoise, and look at those teeth, they look like real human teeth to me." She was transfixed by the stare from what looked like a turquoise mummy face. The face itself was made from hundreds of tiny pieces of turquoise somehow stuck onto a skull, the eyes were like large black marbles. The skull held a shocked expression for the two thousand years since it had been crafted.
 
Rob had been in his own world, studying a plaque on the wall next to a stone sculpture of a squatting human-like figure. "I think I've found it. Have a read of this," he said.
 
The plaque was much like all the others in the museum. A simple card, white with black lettering, not framed, but slightly raised off the wall. It read as follows:

<p class="simulate_blockquote">In the year 1436 the renowned adventurer Quauhtli Coatl set off from the coast of what is now Venezuela with a small fleet of sailing vessels. Later in the same year he and his crew landed in Europe for the first time, near the Portuguese city of Lisboa (Lisbon).</p>

<p class="simulate_blockquote">Coatl's journal states that he found the natives to be 'exceedingly poor, badly educated and lacking in morals of any kind.'</p>

<p class="simulate_blockquote">Over the next decade the powerful Tenochca (Mayan) empire, which had enlightened almost all of Central and South America, extended its reach to all the backward peoples of Western Europe. Initially, military force was required as the European natives of the time could not see the advantages offered by the Tenochca culture. Two hundred ships were sent across the Atlantic carrying the forces necessary. By 1439, the countries of Southern Europe were liberated from their past. In the following years, the rest of Western Europe joined the new way. These are known as Europe's years of enlightenment.</p>
<p><br/></p>
After reading, Marnie said, "What happened to Christopher Columbus discovering America and the Spanish invading over there?"
 
"It would appear that, in this universe, the South Americans discovered Europe before Columbus discovered them." Replied Rob.

"Columbus sailed in 1492. That would have been about fifty years too late if
this plaque is correct," Matt said. "It would also explain that big, red
temple out in the city. If the Mayans, or <em>Tenocha</em> as this seems to call them, discovered and conquered Europe before we got to them, well... that would explain this universe, wouldn't it?"

"It sure would." Rob was already digging into his backpack for the mobile modulator. He soon had it set up again and he entered the information they had just learned. This time the Frisbee balanced nicely on the walking stick: apparently spinning, but at the same time looking like it was not moving at all. With his tablet computer in hand, Uncle Rob tapped away, looking hopeful. "Your dad was a genius! This gizmo just needs to know about the Mayan versus Europe thing, the date, and it manages to figure out the rest of what it needs to know. That's it. We should be able to go home. Ready?"

"Yes, let's go," Marnie and Matt chimed in unison.
 
Rob tapped the tablet. They began to feel dizzy and the room started to spin.
The silver Frisbee turned a deep bluish purple colour, such a fully saturated colour none of them could ever have imagined. The three were completely transfixed as they stared into the surface of the Frisbee which now seemed to have infinite depths, mesmerised by the spinning worlds of colour within the Frisbee.

Just as Matt felt he was going to faint, a man in a grey suit emerged from the dark corners of the Mayan room. He walked calmly up to them and said, "Hello, my name is Maitland." Everything then went blank.
