Uncle Rob, Marnie and Matt piled out of the Old Cavendish laboratory into the sunshine of a glorious spring afternoon. The entrance to the Old Cavendish is an imposing pair of old wooden doors; fifteen feet high and curved at the top to fit under a grand archway. It gave the kind of gravitas one would expect of a building with such a powerful past. Beyond the door, a passageway led to the rear of the building and the street behind; a disappointingly small alley backing on to some flats, rather than a more appropriate boulevard or courtyard. Such is the fate of many grand old buildings built before the city of Cambridge crowded in around them.
 
"Everything looks normal so far," Matt noted, as they headed down the street towards the 900-year-old St Benet's Parish Church. Turning the corner, they faced the usual crowds of foreign tourists, shoppers, and university students.
 
"Still normal," Marnie added to the commentary when they were a hundred yards further down the street. "This is a bit like being the first man to walk on the moon, but finding it to be just like the shopping centre in your home town. I feel like we ought to be wearing oxygen tanks or something. I don't think we have actually gone to another universe at all."
 
Rounding the next corner, the view of the Mayan temple removed any thoughts that they were still at home.
 
"I take it all back," she said. "Who has the oxygen tanks?"
 
Cambridge is blessed with impressive architecture but has no buildings more than four storeys high, apart from church spires. This Mayan temple, however, was on such an altogether different scale that it dominated the city. The bright red pyramid was easily 40 metres high, with steps on all sides. The temple's importance was demonstrated not just by its height and colour, but by the breathing space around it in this otherwise crowded city of narrow twisting streets and densely packed buildings.
 
"What do we do now?" asked Matt. "How does this help us get home?"
 
Without a word or even an acknowledgment, Marnie started walking towards the great red building. Matt followed. Uncle Rob battled his simultaneous desires to stay near the imagined security of the lab, and to keep up with them. This gave him an awkward gait, with one leg surging forward and the other dragging behind.
 
The three walked in silence, taking in details of their surroundings. Reaching a food-stall at the edge of the tidy, green grass field surrounding the temple, they collapsed onto a handy bench. The bench was one of those made out of recycled plastic bags or something. It was brown and looked sort of like wood, but even with the most casual of glances it was obviously pretending to be something it wasn't. "These things are never satisfying to sit on. I have a photo of one of these in my collection back home." said Matt.
 
They sat, watched and listened like the three monkeys.
 
The Cambridge of their home would have been crowded on a sunny day, as was this Cambridge. Their home Cambridge had little room for cars, as pedestrians and bicycles ruled the streets. The same was true here. In their Cambridge, people came from all over the world to visit as tourists or to study at the colleges and one could easily count half a dozen different languages being spoken in a five minute walk through the city. The same was true here.
 
Marnie spoke first. "There aren't many people speaking English, are there? I recognise some of the languages, I have heard some English, but not much. Most people seem to be using some language with very long words. It sounds very foreign, certainly not European."
 
"I noticed that too," Matt added. "Sometimes it sounds Spanish, but it clearly isn't." The twins had taken enough holidays around Europe to recognise a European language when they heard one. "There may be something even stranger though. Has anyone here spoken to you or acknowledged you in any way?"
 
Uncle Rob and Marnie looked at each other. "Well no, but we are among strangers in a city where most people don't seem to speak our language," replied Rob.
 
A couple of yards in front of their bench was a college student carrying a sign and trying to sell guided punting trips on the river. These chaps were part of the street furniture in Cambridge. They worked on commission for the firms that hire boats and give the tours, and consequently were invariably more proactive at making sales than your average sign holder.
 
Marnie stood and walked up to the young man. "How much is a guided punt tour?"
 
He ignored her.
 
"Excuse me, my friends and I would like to see the river."
 
Still no response. He appeared not to even see Marnie, even though she was now six inches in front of him.
 
"We have loads of cash and I'll sunbathe naked on the boat," she shouted at him.
 
No reaction. Not one of the passers-by noticed her either.
 
"What's going on? Are we really here or just dreaming all this?" said Matt. To further test his invisibility theory, he walked up to a Japanese tourist laden with cameras and stood right in front of his face. The tourist gave no indication of knowing Matt was there.
 
After more shouting and jumping around in the faces of various people, Marnie had gathered all the evidence she needed. "We are definitely invisible," she announced.
 
Her mood flipped and she turned on Matt. "Look what you have done you idiot! You just had to play around with the controls on the machine in Dad's lab. Why couldn't you just leave them alone? Now we are somewhere we can't get back from and we can't even get help from anybody because we don't seem to really exist here. Even worse, Dad is probably somewhere similar to this, but all on his own!" Marnie was livid with anger.
 
Matt was about to politely point out that it was Marnie, not him, that had started all this by fiddling with the controls. Fortunately, Uncle Rob stepped in. "Stop it you two. We need to come up with a plan and arguing will not help although I would like to know more about this tampering with the equipment. I thought the test of your father's new theory of universe travel just went badly wrong. I didn't know it had been sabotaged."
 
"Uncle Rob is right," Matt said. "What are we going to do?"
 
"As I said before, your dad believed one would need to calibrate the communicator by determining how and when this universe diverged from the universe we came from," Uncle Rob replied.
 
Marnie was beginning to calm down again. "Let's find a museum," she said.
 
"Brilliant!" Matt thought to himself, he would never admit it but sometimes Marnie had awesome flashes of inspiration.
 
Rob was slower to grasp Marnie's reasoning. "This is not a time for tourism. Let me try to explain it to you. The theory is that every decision or point at which there are two or more possible outcomes, results in two or more universes. Imagine a short-sighted ant walking down the branch of a tree. He is faced with choices to go left or right as the branch splits into smaller and smaller branches. The branches not selected by the ant do not cease to exist when he takes another path, he just can't see them. The equipment in your Dad's lab is like a strong wind blowing the ant off his chosen branch onto another one he couldn't see. Instead of branches, substitute universes.

We need to understand the history here in this universe..." Uncle Rob's voice trailed away as the light dawned. "We need a museum!"
 
Marnie and Matt smirked at each other. They were friends again just as quickly as they were enemies a moment before.
 
"School keeps dragging us down to that boring old Fitzwilliam Museum, it is
full of the most tedious antique junk from..."
 
"Let's just get going," Marnie interrupted.
 
The walk was short, less than a quarter of a mile. The pavements were crowded, and as the other pedestrians could not see them, it was entirely the responsibility of Matt, Marnie and Rob to avoid collisions with people. A crowd had gathered at the corner of Benet Street to watch the two-foot-tall, mechanical gold grasshopper type thing stepping over a large circular clock mechanism built into the wall. This mechanical sculpture was Marnie's favourite thing in Cambridge. She stopped to watch it, as she had many times before.
 
"Why the heck do you like that thing so much?" Matt asked his sister.
 
"I don't know, there's just something oddly comforting about a mechanical grasshopper walking over a clock, don't you think? Anyway, you have your very odd chair fetish. That is so much stranger than liking a mechanical, timekeeping grasshopper."
 
"Hold on there. Chairs are probably the most fascinating and underrated works of functional artwork that mankind has ever created. Just think, they serve only one purpose, something to sit on, but look at the variety of designs that have been created over millennia and across all cultures on the planet. Chairs are one of the best measures of mankind that exist. Look at..."
 
"Enough, enough!" cut in Rob, just as Matt was losing himself in his pet subject. "Remember, we are perhaps the first humans ever to jump to another universe, apart from your dad and yet you are obsessing about grasshoppers and chairs!"
 
Having been put squarely in his place Matt looked back up at the wall. "Have you spotted the difference yet?" he asked, looking higher up the wall over the grasshopper.
 
Matt directed Marnie's gaze up to another sculpture, a new one on this familiar street corner. They were looking at an angular, geometric, five-foot granite serpent whose tail blended into a lightning bolt. Between the serpent and the grasshopper, an artist of lesser talent had spray-painted a blue circle around the number "20" on a granite building.
 
"That serpent was probably made by the same people who put the temple here," said Uncle Rob.
 
"Duh!" said Marnie. "And what about that graffiti circle, Uncle Rob? What people created that great masterpiece?"
 
Just as Uncle Rob was about to step out into the road to avoid another camera pointing Japanese tourist, a cyclist sped towards him. Uncle Rob leapt back onto the pavement right into the Japanese photographer. "Aaahhhh, I went right through that guy! That was just too weird, did you see that? It was horrible!"
 
"You mean, we are not only invisible to these people, we are not physically even here? I don't like the sound of that at all. We have to avoid these crowds," cried Marnie, her skin crawling.
 
"We should cross the street, it doesn't look as crowded over there," said Matt, weaving between bicycles on the road.
 
A few minutes later they were staring up at the classical Greek facade of the Fitzwilliam Museum. It was one of the larger structures in Cambridge, with fourteen towering, capital-topped columns all under the perfectly formed triangular roof section. It looked much like the Parthenon Acropolis of Athens, which is exactly how an important structure should look to a European eye. 
 
"I wonder why this museum uses Greek architecture and not Mayan?" Matt mused ascending the steps. Nobody could answer.
 
"What are we looking for?" said Marnie as they entered the museum. "Hey, I guess we don't have to pay to enter if we are invisible. That's one thing we have going for us!"
 
"It is free admission anyway." said Matt.
