Matt opened his eyes first. He was on a heap on the floor with Marnie and Rob in the Fitzwilliam Museum. As Matt came to his senses, he realised he had never been so happy to be surrounded by exhibits of old pottery.
 
"Are we home?" murmured Marnie, getting up slowly. Rob was still comatose.
 
"I hope so"
 
When Rob woke up the three of them raced out of the museum back to find Sylvia in the lab. As they ran they looked up to where the Mayan temple had been. They couldn't see it, but they didn't have a clear view in that direction. The people coming towards them stepped aside, out of their way. We must not be invisible, that's a good sign. The snippets of conversations they heard were mostly English. Through the gates of the Old Cavendish and up the twisting stairs they ran.
 
The three burst in through the lab door. "Mum!" cried Marnie running to her mother. They hugged while Marnie blurted out highlights of the story of their travels.
 
"There was this huge Mayan temple where Kings College is. It was so weird Mum, everybody on the streets was speaking strange languages and we were invisible."
 
"Except for you with that baby," Matt said. "That tiny kid could see you, but he was the only one."
 
"Pull up some stools and sit down," said Sylvia, fascinated by what she was hearing. "Tell me all about what happened. But first, was there any sign of your father?"
 
"No sign of Dad," Matt said with a quick glance at Marnie, to point out yet again that it was her fault Dad was in this mess.
 
Rob quickly cut in, but not before Mum had noticed the interplay between her offspring. Sylvia let it go for now. "We know that Hector's theories and equipment all work as he postulated. We didn't know where we might end up, but we were able to get back home again."
 
"Mum, what do you suppose was going on with the temple and Mayan stuff?" Marnie asked.
 
Sylvia thought, then replied. "I had never considered that the Mayans might have found Europe before Europeans got to them in South America. I guess it was certainly possible though. The Mayan empire was every bit as advanced as the empires of Europe at that time. They had invented calendars, pyramids, and chocolate." said Sylvia. "So, I suppose it is entirely possible that if they had traversed the Atlantic before Columbus and the Spaniards they would have had a great impact on Europe as we now know it. Makes you think, doesn't it? What other alternative histories could have happened?"
 
"Like what if nobody had invented the mobile phone or iPad? What a disaster that would be" said Rob, while examining the tablet he still had in his hand.
 
"Did you two see a man introduce himself to us as just before we passed out?" asked Matt, "He said his name was Maitland or something like that."
 
"What? Tell me more about this man," said Sylvia.
 
"Yeah, I saw him." said Marnie. "He walked up to us just before I fainted in the Fitzwilliam museum. Hey, that could be an awesome song title, 'Fainted in the Fitzwilliam.' He looked like a bit of a slime ball. He had on a shiny grey suit, which was too tight around the hips. Those wrap-around sunglasses he wore were just stupid looking, especially inside a museum."
 
"I saw him too," added Rob. The point is that he saw us when nobody else could and for some reason felt the need to tell us his name. I wonder if he knew we were just about to vanish from that universe?"
 
"At least you three are back, safe and sound," said Sylvia. But we seem no closer to finding Hector."
 
"A universe like that would not be a nice place to be by yourself," said Marnie. "We have to keep trying to find him."
 
"Agreed," Matt said, still trying to come to terms with the tall, wooden-topped stool he was perched on. Why did most stools have four legs instead of three? He wondered to himself. "So, what do we do? Try again? Go off to another universe, or return to the Mayan universe?"
 
"We can go to the Mayan world if we want to. My tablet PC has its signature stored, so it is on our map of the universes if you want to look at it that way," said Rob.
 
"Dad built two mobile modulators. Do you think he expects that we're looking for him?" asked Marnie.
 
"I think he would." answered Mum.
 
"If he had been in the Mayan universe don't you think he would have been waiting for us here in the Mayan version of this lab?"
 
Mum added, "Remember he has been gone more than twenty-four hours. Could you have waited in this lab that long with a view of a temple from that window? Hector wouldn't be able to keep his curiosity at bay. Seems like he would have left a note or something though."
 
"Maybe he couldn't leave a note for some reason," Matt suggested. "But, I can't imagine why."
 
"The way I see it," said Rob, "we have three options: we wait here and do nothing, we go back to the Mayan place and spend more time there looking for Hector, or we go to another universe and look there."
 
"If we try another universe, can we control where we go?" Matt asked. "What if it's a universe where they shoot 15 year old kids and geeks with gadgets? What then?"
 
"I don't know," answered Rob, reading and tapping on his tablet. "I think it just sends us somewhere random."
 
"If so," wondered Marnie "how many universes are there, and how long might it take for us to land in the same one Dad happens to be in?"
 
"Can I have a look at the tablet?" Sylvia asked her brother. Rob handed it to her.
 
After a short time, she looked up from the tablet to us. "It looks to me like you have a choice of travelling to a universe you know the signature of, such as 62643383279502884197, which must be the Mayan place, or alternatively, there is another option of what it calls the next random universe."
 
Marnie stood up now, as if to make a point. "It seems to me that we have a better chance of finding Dad if we keep moving through the universes. We make a map of them as we go and we can always go back to ones we have visited if a particular one seems more likely to be where Dad might be. Mum's right, Dad is curious by nature. He wouldn't sit in one place and wait for us. He would venture out to learn as much as he could about these universes and how to travel in them. We won't help him by staying here and I doubt he will have stayed in the first Mayan place."
 
Mum rose too, and they knew at once she would agree with Marnie. "So, you know what you have to do. Find out what makes the universe you are in different from this one. Then with that signature you can return to it if needed. Please find Hector, but be careful and come back here often to check-in with me."
