Rob and Marnie were pouring over history books in the back corner of the library when a short, ugly, black-suited, bald man appeared at Matt's side. There was a smell of dried horse dung in the dusty air that hung around him.
 
"Hello young Matt Moncrieff, are you finding what you need here?" he asked.
 
If Matt had been unable to see or smell him, his pleasant, cultured accent might have been comforting. Matt stepped back involuntarily. "Who are you? How can you see me?"
 
"I am the one you are going to thank for returning your father to you," he said. Matt stepped back further, this time, not out of fear or surprise, but to avoid the smell of his breath. "My name is Santos, from the New East India Company. We have been watching you and your family for some time."
 
"Do you have my father? Where is he?"
 
"He has joined us for now. We will return him to you when we are done with him."
 
"I want to see him now. Where is he?"
 
There were sounds of a scuffle from the history section of the library. Rob and Marnie were surrounded by three more men who were just as ugly as the one calling himself Santos. One of them had Rob by the scruff of the neck. Marnie was kicking and clawing, but to no effect.
 
Santos winked at them, then they were gone—simply vanished, taking Rob with them. No one else in the library had any idea that right there among the history books, a kidnapping had taken place.
 
Marnie and Matt huddled together on the floor in the smallest corner of the library traumatized by the kidnapping of their Uncle Rob. "What have we done?" Marnie sobbed quietly. "Dad is gone, and now Uncle Rob too. Who were those men?"
 
"Remember when we were seven years old? Mum and Dad took us on holiday in Greece" Matt said. "We left the dock on a gorgeous sunny day in that creaky old fishing boat. You had just spilled coconut ice cream down your new blue and green top. Dad tripped on a loose plank on the dock and dropped his phone into the sea. None of that mattered, even to Mum, since the sky was so blue, the sea glowing turquoise, the air perfectly fresh, and the sun warmed us all in such a way that nothing could ever go wrong. We played for hours building sandcastles on the beach while Mum and Dad read books under that olive tree near the beach."
The slightest precursor of a smile started to form in the stiff shell that Marnie's face had become since Rob and been taken. The twins could often console each other in hard times with stories. Sometimes they were real, often fictitious; it didn't matter, stories could take them to a happier place.
 
Marnie's face opened a little. "This isn't fun anymore. I just want Dad and Uncle Rob back, and all of us all back home with Mum. I want to go back to our own home where everything is normal again." Tears were starting now.
 
Matt continued the story, not knowing what else he could do. "Remember those five tiny turtles, each about as big as a 50p coin, that made a home in your sand castle on the beach, they swam in the little pond you made inside the castle walls, and sunned themselves on the rocks I put in for them. Mum even let us drink three Cokes each that day."
 
Marnie was now lost in the memory, "Those little turtles had such a nice day, and we fed them bits of our lunch. They seemed to love the cheese, but not the bread."
