It was now almost exactly 24 hours from when Rob had been taken by the men from the New East India Company. Marnie was again in the history section of the Cambridge library in the universe of no money. There was a pair of very comfortable old leather armchairs just next to the poetry books. These were just the type of chairs you search out when you want to plop down for a short power-rest: just upright enough to keep you awake, but relaxed enough to really sink into. Matt was sitting in one of these seats fretting about his father and Uncle. They had decided it was best to hang around in that universe, in the library as long as possible and hope for the return of their uncle.
 
One instant the chair next to Matt was vacant, the next instant it was occupied by his very groggy Uncle Rob.
 
"Man, it is good to see you again!" Rob said, when he recovered from the inter-universe jump he had just completed.
 
"Uncle Rob!!!" shouted Marnie. They had learned to break the taboo of not talking loudly in the library, as no one in this universe since Antonio the ice cream man was able to see or hear them. She dashed over, pulled him from the seat, and gave him a great hug. "How did you get back to us, where were you? Where is Dad? Did you see him? Did those smelly men do anything to you? Why did they let you go? Or did you escape?"
 
Marnie finally paused for breath allowing Rob cut in. "We have a lot to talk about, and we need to go somewhere more private."
 
"But nobody can hear us," Matt said.
 
"We can't be so sure about that. Where can we go where we can be alone, or at least see anyone approaching?"
 
After a moment's thought, Marnie answered, "Parker's Piece is not far away. We could sit in the middle of that big open field and easily be out of earshot of anybody," answered Marnie, slightly confused.
 
Off they went. Matt kept a keen eye on his Uncle as they exited the library. Rob was twitchy, his eyes constantly darting this way and that. In their pre-abduction state of innocence, they had begun to ignore these other universe people, since they couldn't interact with them anyway, but now Rob was looking intently at everybody, apparently trying to find something in their faces or posture.
 
"What are you looking for?" Matt whispered.
 
"He should be looking for me," they heard from a male voice from behind them.
 
There stood the man they had glimpsed so briefly in the instant of travelling back home from the Fitzwilliam Museum in the Mayan universe. "The name is Maitland," he said holding out a hand. This was the second time he had introduced himself. Neither Matt nor Rob accepted the offered handshake.
 
Maitland was not smelly like the men who had taken Uncle Rob. Also, unlike the New East India Company gang of thugs, he was well dressed in a tacky sort of way. He wore a shiny blue business suit, crisp white shirt, and a perfectly knotted shiny pink tie. He was clean-shaven, with short hair and had no visible scars or other signs of a violent life. He had a slightly timid air. Matt thought that, under normal circumstances, Maitland would be intimidated by them rather than the other way around.
 
"Rob is correct," said Maitland. "We should find a place where we will not be overheard.
 
"How can we possibly do that when people like you can just pop in from out of nowhere? Is this like Dr. Who where time travellers drop in unannounced?" asked Marnie.
 
"You will learn that time travel is pure science fiction and simply does not happen. However, cross universe travel is real." Said Maitland.
 
"Why on earth should we trust you? What sort of a name is Maitland anyway?" asked a suspicious Marnie.
 
Matt poked her in the ribs, quite hard. "Marnie, shut up and at least give the guy a chance. He hasn't harmed us, yet anyway."
 
"Follow us if you want, we can't stop you." Said Rob to Maitland. They then strode off past several mobile phone shops, toy shops, and a shop selling giant rolled up pizzas. Matt had so many questions, but weaving through the crowds did not allow for discussion. Although they could simply walk through people they all found that experience abhorrent. It felt like an invasion of privacy in the deepest sense; both of their privacy and that of the person they permeated through.
 
At last they exited the shopping mall, crossed a couple of streets, and navigated towards an open patch of grass near a lamp post in the large field known as Parker's Piece. The land was traded to the city by Trinity College in 1613. Edward Parker, a cook at the university obtained rights to farm the land and it has kept his name ever since.
 
Marnie and Matt automatically headed for the lone lamp post at the very centre of the field. The spot was a favourite of their dad's. In their universe, this lamp post was something of a local monument because it had the words 'Reality Checkpoint' scratched on the base. Their Dad said it was originally inscribed many years ago by college students in need of a touchstone after experimenting with mind altering drugs. Over many years, generations of students made sure the saying stayed in situ. Whenever the council repainted the lamp post, it was only a matter of days before 'Reality Checkpoint' was scratched on it again. Hector loved this because he said it was a link to the past that was the student's own. It also made him just a little more secure to see that reality was still intact every time he walked across the field.
 
"Is the lamp post message as it should be?" asked Matt.
 
"No," replied Marnie, "In this universe the base of the post says: 'Reality - simply not enough!'"
 
The four sat on the grass. "You three have something that a lot of people want." he said. "Many of us have been watching you since you started travelling to other universes."
 
"Who are you people?" Matt asked.
 
Maitland ignored him and continued. "Your father is a brilliant man. Did he explain how your life, as you thought of it a couple of days ago, is just one of an almost infinite number of parallel universes? Did you ever wonder what would have happened if your parents had never met and you were not born? Well, there is a universe out there like that. Even turning left out of the grocery store one morning instead of right could spawn a different future if something significant resulted from that choice."
 
"Sorry, you've lost me," said Marnie.
 
Maitland took a coin from his pocket. "Call it, heads or tails." he said flipping the coin into the air.
 
Marnie called "tails" as the coin landed on the grass. "Hey, I got it right."
 
"You got it right in the universe we are now in — call this the 'tails' universe. We just spawned another universe where that coin landed as heads. Chances are the head or tail will make no significant difference and those two universes will merge back together soon, being effective duplicates. However, if there is a significant difference, the two universes, or futures, will forever remain separate. They will run side by side, parallel through time."
 
"Hold on!" Matt said, "I'm sure I read this in a fiction book at school. You are just making all this up. What was that book? Ah, Philip Pullman, 'The Subtle Knife' I think. Anyone remember that?"
 
"Just because a book is sold as fiction it doesn't mean it can't be true." said Maitland.
 
Rob spoke now. "Hector was working on the theory that everything that can happen, does happen somewhere. Every time you flip a coin it lands as both heads and tails. Each future has a slightly different wave pattern, harmonics, or a signature—if you want to think of it that way. Just as each human has unique fingerprints and DNA."
 
Marnie felt she was starting to understand, "So, when we use the stick and Frisbee thing to travel between universes, we are visiting parallel universes separated by a choice or happening in the past that created multiple universes from one? Is that how it works?"
 
"That is about right," answered Rob. "Your Dad's brilliance was in working out that all these potentially infinite numbers of universes coexist side by side because oscillations of every molecule and DNA particle in one universe are on a different frequency than that of every other universe. Hector went further and figured out that, in theory, a machine could alter one's DNA oscillation frequencies and make you exist in another universe."
 
Maitland carried on, "As I said, your father is brilliant, but consider the millions of parallel universes: in one, your father invented these tools you used to travel to different universes. Do you think that invention was unique in all those universes? Of course not. I come from a universe different to the one you call home. Those men from the New East India Company come from still other universes. We also have the tools to travel between universes."
 
"What do the New East India Company people want with Dad and us?" Matt asked.
 
"The known technology can only go so far," answered Maitland. "You see, human DNA turns out to be extremely powerful. More powerful than machines are ever likely to be. The really interesting thing though is that several humans with close connections are capable of combining their DNA vibrations in a way that is absolutely stunning in terms of power. You three, as close family, may even be able to interact with people in different universes. That is power the New East India Company doesn't have and is desperate to get."
 
"We have had little contact with one person here in this universe," said Matt. "Antonio the ice cream man spoke with us as if we were completely normal, but it only lasted for a few minutes."
 
"Interesting, what were you thinking about when you first made contact with him?" asked Maitland.
 
"Ice cream!" the three answered in unison.
 
"Could that be it?" interjected Rob. "We were all concentrating hard on the same thing and that is all it takes for people here to see us?"
 
"That could be how it works," said Maitland "Who knows, perhaps when you all focus on the same thing your DNA hums together like playing a chord on a guitar."
 
"But what good would these powers be to the New East India Company?" Matt asked.
 
Rob piped in "Now it is starting to make sense to me. The New East India Company wants to make money and gain power in the multiverses. With their existing tools, they are limited to taking random jumps into different universes and are not able to directly interact with people there. That is pretty limiting for an aspiring trading company."
 
"What did they want from you, Uncle Rob? Why did they return you after the kidnapping?" Marnie asked.
 
"They took me to a pretty dull universe. The Cambridge in that universe is mostly deserted. It looked like there had been a war and we lost; many of the buildings were destroyed. The New East India Company have set up headquarters in the Great St. Mary's Church, the one just beside the market square. There must have been twenty of their goons there, not all as ugly as the ones who captured me though. The inside of the church was covered with maps and planning charts. They sat me down and quizzed me at length about our tools and technology and Hector's theories. They told me that if I didn't cooperate we would never see Hector again. In the end, I told them all I know. I'm guessing they let me come back to you two for the reasons Maitland just explained. The technology and theory will only get them so far. Our potential lies in the three of us together. That's what they want to tap into."
 
"And that is exactly why you three need to be careful." said Maitland. "The New East India Company will be watching you whenever they can and looking for ways to take advantage of anything you learn."
 
"But what about Dad? Did you see him? Do they have him?" asked Matt.
 
"No" answered Rob sadly. "I didn't see him. They obviously knew of him, but when I demanded to see him they just laughed. I got the impression they don't actually know where he is."
 
Matt stood and paced around the little group sitting on the grass, "So we are in this field in Cambridge in a universe where the people here don't use cash. And somehow, right beside us is our home universe, and beside that is a universe where the sky is green or some other weird thing. Is that right?"
 
"You've got it." replied Rob. "Here is what I think:
First, Hector is probably hopping from universe to universe. He might think we are looking for him and he may or may not know about the New East India Company.
Second, the New East India Company is trying to control trade between universes but as yet can't physically exist in any of them so they are pretty limited.
Third, we, as close relatives, can concentrate together and be physically seen in a parallel universe.
Fourth, we don't know where we might end up in our next jump, but we can map it and return to universes where we have been if we map them by figuring out their signature or difference between it and our home universe."
 
Marnie stood up, followed quickly by Maitland, who suddenly looked slightly troubled at being the only one sitting while the others paced around him. He also looked very relieved as he no longer needed to worry about grass stains on his silky business suit.
 
"I think we must give Dad the benefit of the doubt," said Marnie. "He always figures things out before anybody else does. Either we are wrong, or there is a good reason why dad can't wait for us or leave messages."
 
Maitland straightened his suit and spoke. "I suspect a game of cat and mouse is being played out. My guess is that Hector is doing his best to elude the New East India Company. They are chasing him and trying to watch you. If you three and Hector all got together in the same universe and focused your DNA vibrations sufficiently, your combined power may be too much for the East India Company to control. On the other hand, if they are prepared they could snare you all at once and somehow use you to achieve their plans. You must be very careful."
 
"Why? What is so dangerous?" asked Matt.
 
"The Leader of the New East India Company comes from a universe which has a different set of morals that you or I are used to.  One person he had working as a scout displeased him. The scout was never seen again, but there are rumours that Lothesen keeps one of the man's ears in a jar."
 
Marnie nodded "Yes, we must be very careful," she said, staring at Maitland. "You have never explained how you fit in. You seem to have been spying on us and you know more about what is going on than we do. I bet if you wanted you could just get us to Dad and let us all go home. But you have something more devious in mind, don't you."
 
"Marnie, chill out," Matt said. "We have no reason to be mean to him."
 
"I never trust men wearing shiny suits," said Marnie.
 
Maitland pondered Marnie's challenge for a moment or two. "You don't have to trust me if you don't want to. I can't get you to your dad, but I can get you into the New East India Trading Company headquarters so you can see them for yourselves."
 
Rob flinched, "I've just been there. They didn't let me look around much, but there seemed to be papers and plans all over the church. They were using it as an office. I did wonder what all that stuff was.
 
"We have to go," Matt said. "Finding Dad by chance among zillions of random universes is not going to happen. If these trading company guys know anything about him then we need to know it too."
 
"Agreed," added Marnie. "Maitland, take us to the trading company."
