Hector looked up from the floor. The walls around him were wrapped in bookshelves. As his eyes came into focus they alighted upon such titles like 'The Just William Annual - 1978,' and 'Asterix in Belgium.' Remembering being chased by the Asian thugs from the strange temple into a side street of Cambridge Hector struggled to stand. Had he been drinking? It felt like one heck of a hangover. He guessed this was going to happen every time he jumped universes.
 
There was no sign of his pursuers. Hector crept down the creaky, old, wooden stairs of the bookshop. Was he in a different universe he thought? This little building nestling between two larger ones was a bookshop in his home universe and in the temple universe. If this was a third universe, what were the chances of it being a bookshop again? "I hope I have not led those thugs back to my home universe after all. I wouldn't want them to find Sylvia and the kids and using them as leverage in any way." Hector mumbled to himself on the bottom step. There was barely room for 4 or 5 customers to squeeze around each other in the tiny shop. The whole place smelled of musty manuscripts. This was not a temporary home for this month's International Bestsellers, the words stored between bindings on these shelves were here for the long haul. Sometime in the next 5 or 10 years a customer would browse among the titles and realise that he or she was in just the right mood to purchase and read 'William and the Witch - 1964'. The words in that particular book would have to wait patiently until that day.
 
Hector edged his way towards the door squeezing between customers who were oblivious to him even when in close proximity. "If people can't see me, I must not be home", Hector thought.
 
Peeking out the door, there was no sign of anyone watching him so Hector tentatively stepped onto the pavement and turned towards the grounds of Kings College. Would he find a temple, a college, or a surprise when he turned the next corner?
 
Seeing the college more or less how it looked at home, Hector was unsure what to think. The people here obviously couldn't see him so his DNA and theirs must be on different frequencies meaning that he was not in his home universe, but everything looked pretty normal. "Perhaps the differences are simply very subtle," he thought. He needed more time to think. What Hector normally did at a time like this was either to go for a run or sit in the corner of a pub with a pale ale and wait for things to begin to make sense. As he had just been chased around Cambridge, the ale option was now far more appealing.
 
The Eagle pub was nearby and Hector made his way there on auto-pilot. While he walked slowly his mind raced. Why were those men trying to capture him? How is it they could see him? His arm was still sore from being manhandled so roughly. Their DNA must have been on the same vibrational pattern as his, meaning that they too were travellers, not natives of the universe with the Mayan temple in the centre of Cambridge. All this meant that his invention was not original but already existed. Of course, if there are innumerable universes then by sheer numbers, trans-universe travelling would have been invented in many other universes before his. Perhaps it was just a coincidence that Hector showed up in a universe where that pair of rather unpleasant travellers happened to be? Hector spied his favourite pub and quickened his pace. He didn't like coincidences. They always turned out to be something else.
 
Ahead of him a dozen foreign school children on a school trip had formed a pack milling around one of Cambridge's more unique attractions. The kids were young teenagers, probably from Italy, although he was too far away to hear their language. Like teenagers everywhere, they faced the simultaneous ambitions of attempting to exude individuality while also desperately needing to fit in with their peers. These Italian kids wore a uniform of designer clothes and big, bright, plastic headphones. They had gathered around the famous mechanical Corpus Clock, a timepiece consisting of an evil looking grasshopper eating time as it steps around a four foot gold disk.
 
Hector noted with great interest that something as odd as a mechanical grasshopper clock would exist in more than one universe. He remembered how much little Marnie loved the creature when she was little. As a toddler, Marnie would beg Hector to take her to watch the 'hop' as she called it. She could easily charm her father away from whatever he was doing to go watch it. Little Marnie would stare in awe as the mechanical legs stepped over the rotating gold clockwork discs. The mechanism seemed to set Marnie's mind at ease and off on adventures of its own. She would stare intently for several minutes then ask Hector some off the wall question such as how do fish breathe underwater or why bricks were red. He remembered explaining to her that the clock was built as a tribute to a clockmaker who had solved the problem of ships finding their longitude as they sailed around the globe back in the 18th century. Hector half chuckled at the irony of not having any idea where he was now two and a half centuries later.
 
The pack of Italian kids moved on revealing a fat man in a suit and the two thugs that Hector had so recently escaped from. In an instant, Hector ducked back behind an overweight American family walking in the other direction while pulling chips and burgers from several McDonald's bags which seemed to cling to them like flies to flypaper. I'm looking at another constant across the universes thought Hector, enjoying the smell of the chips. He managed to evade the Mongolians by reaching another side street and running across the city until he was sure he had lost them.
 
Catching his breath sitting at a dark, back table of a pizza restaurant, Hector pulled out the notebook and pen he always had with him and began to draw, write, and analyse his predicament. After a while, he came to the conclusion that he would have to stay in this universe as long as possible. The fat man and the Mongolians must be able to track him when he jumped from one universe to another. That was logical enough, it took an enormous amount of energy and created a ripple in many levels of molecular structure to make a universe jump.
 
Hector's mind settled on an idea. He would devise a way to hide his tracks. He couldn't risk the Mongolians tracking and chasing him back home. What would Sylvia, the kids and Rob be doing? Rob was in the lab when Hector jumped to the Mayan temple universe. Figuring out how to travel across universes without leaving a trace the Mongols could follow would take time. With Hector gone missing would Rob try to follow him? If he did, then he too would be in danger.
 
Hector needed somewhere to work. He had to figure out a way to move around between universes without the mysterious fat man and his Mongolians following him. Only then could he get back home to his family without endangering them. Where to work? He was in a Cambridge, but not his own Cambridge. He could not go to his lab in this universe could he? Surely if anyone was looking for him that is where they would be watching, no he had to stay away from places he would normally visit in his home Cambridge. But he needed a laboratory.
 
Still hiding in the dark corner of the pizza restaurant Hector considered his options. If he were at home there were several friends and colleagues he could call upon. Here they wouldn't be able to see him. What if he ran into another copy of himself here? Presumably the local Hector would be completely unaware of him. That would be just too weird to contemplate. No, he would be on his own.
 
Where could he find a physics lab in Cambridge he would not be expected to be found in. Of course, the New Cavendish Labs to the west of the city. Hector had always shunned them. If they existed in this universe, there should be no risk of running into himself or anybody looking for him.
