The three had switched on the modulator again and woke up in their usual heap on the floor of the lab just as before. They searched the building for traces of Hector but found no sign of him. "I was really, really hoping Dad would be sitting at his desk in the lab waiting for us to find him," said Marnie sadly. "Even a note or sign that he had been in this universe would have helped. I feel terrible about all this."
 
On the streets of the city it seemed like the same sunny spring day Matt, Marnie and Rob thought they had left behind. Their only assurance that they had actually travelled to another universe was the absence of their mother and the fact nobody could see them here.
 
"Remember last Christmas?" Marnie asked as they ventured out into a city that was sort of like their home Cambridge. There was no South American temple this time. People on the street were speaking English to each other. After some trials, it was soon established that the three of them were invisible to the natives of this universe.
 
"Yes, what about Christmas? Matt asked. Last year mum and dad thought it would be interesting to have a family Christmas on the Trans-Siberian railway.
 
"We rode the train from Moscow to Beijing. Santa dropped in somewhere near Ekaterinburg, Russia and gave us new MP3 players loaded with music. Then we invented a competition to find the least appropriate soundtrack to Mongolia. I chose the Black Eyed Peas, and you went with Lady Gaga."
 
"Of course I remember," Matt said. "Mum and Dad won the competition with a block vote for The Beach Boys."
 
Marnie carried on, "Yes, listening to Surfing Safari through headphones while watching Mongolian horsemen herding camels was too surreal. My eyes and ears were sending such different signals that my poor brain couldn't sensibly stitch them together. I bring it up because it seems like that again, here in this version of Cambridge. To my eyes things look pretty normal, but another part of me is saying that something is not quite right."
 
"I know exactly what you mean. Something here is out of phase or something. That reminds me though: on the train in Mongolia, the blues guitar of Stevie Ray Vaughan suited the Mongolian steppe as an umbrella fits a rainy day in London. Strange."
 
Rounding the corner by the Eagle pub they spotted their favourite Italian ice cream man there, right in front of them. "I would love an ice cream right now", said Rob salivating just slightly, "but Antonio won't be able to see us in this universe will he?" Even so, they naturally gravitated towards the little van with "Antonio's Italian Ice Cream" emblazoned on the side. Matt was concentrating on the pineapple flavour. Marnie was thinking coconuts, Rob was a chocolate mint ice cream fan.
 
"What would you like? A cone or a dish? Large or small?" said Antonio.
 
"You can see us!" cried Marnie.
 
"Of course, do you think I have gone blind? Although you three did sort of sneak up on me. Are you learning some spy tricks or something? Did you just remove your invisibility cloak?"
 
Not wasting time on explanations, Marnie put in their order for three double cones of much needed comfort food.
 
After the ice creams were served up Marnie handed Antonio a ten pound note from her pocket and got started eating while she waited for the change.
 
"This money is no good here, did you just come in from outside the WoHoCeZo or something?" said Antonio.
 
"Come in from outside the what?" Marnie and Matt in unison. Rob had a mouthful of ice cream and so just looked quizzically at Antonio.
 
"The WoHoCeZo: 'Work Hour Certificate Zone.' Where are you from? You can't have been here long."
 
Rob swallowed and said "We just arrived. We're looking for a long lost relative. How can we pay for the ice creams?"
 
"If you just arrived in this zone you won't have any work hour certificates, will you? No matter, I have some chores you can do to earn them. I was just about to pack up and go home. Help me clean up the van when you've finished eating."
 
While putting lids on the ice cream tubs and wiping up spills, Matt asked, "Where we come from we don't have work certificates. What are they? Don't you use money here?"
 
Antonio looked surprised but answered while washing the ice cream scoops. "A work certificate is exactly what it sounds like. You work an hour for me and I'll give you a certificate. The certificate can be traded for whatever someone wants to give you for it, ice cream for example."
 
"That sounds like good old money to me," said Marnie, picking up rubbish from the ground around the van.
 
"It has some very important differences," said Antonio. This Cambridge WoHoCeZo was the first one in the world. It was started in the Great Depression of the 1930s by staff and students of the university. The idea was invented right here, too, by a physical education student of all people. His name was Peter Popper or something daft like that. His idea was simple: one cannot lend or borrow certificates, so there is no debt. They can be saved, but can't be invested and there is no interest to be earned from them. You simply work to get things you want to buy."
 
Rob looked up from wiping the little table in the van. "That sounds fine for buying ice cream, but how could you save up enough to buy a house or something really expensive?"
 
"Because nobody in the zone can borrow money, prices of things just don't get so high that people can't afford them. Also, we live simple lives and don't have as much stuff as people outside the zones who continue living with regular money and big debts."
 
"How could the switch have been made to this system?" Matt asked, now putting napkins and plastic cups into boxes on the floor of the van. "Surely those with a lot of money would not give it up? Or did they get a lot of certificates for their cash?"
 
"Remember, this all started in the depression. Most of those with lots of money had already lost it and many who did not want to participate simply moved out of Cambridge to a city that was not taking part in the trial. It was meant to be temporary and confined to this city. But, people liked it and it spread first around the U.K. and now all over the world. I read somewhere that almost one-fourth of the world's population use work certificates instead of money now. Hey, where did you all go? Come back, you have not earned your work certificates yet!"
 
"We are still right here!" said Marnie, but Antonio couldn't see or hear them any longer. Antonio then walked right through Matt as he turned in the small space of the ice cream van towards the door.
 
"Ugh, I hate it when people walk right through me."
 
Uncle Rob started shouting at Antonio and everyone else within earshot, but they were inaudible and invisible again. "How could that have happened? It's as if we were fully here in the universe without money and now we are just observers of it again."
 
"I must admit I was getting a little bored with the explanations about the certificates," said Marnie. "It may be fascinating to a student of economics, but I am worrying about Dad. Do you think he is in this universe somewhere?"
 
"I don't know", said Matt, "but we were just given a huge hint about what made this universe different from ours. If we find out more about that Peter Pucker or whatever his name was we might be able to get the signature of this place so we can map it, then we can return here if we need to." Now, I just want to map it and get back to Mum.
 
"Good point," said Rob. "I was just thinking: if your father is here, he would also have to research Peter Popper to map the universe, just as we need to."
 
"The City Library is just down the road, let's go there." said Marnie striding off. Rob and Matt followed.
 
Cambridge is one of only a small handful of cities that have a central library in their main shopping mall. Who knows why, but that's where it is. "They may not have cash here, but the human desire to shop is still strong. I guess they buy all this stuff with work credits," said Marnie, narrowly missing a hippie-looking student heading towards a clothing shop. The thing about shoppers is that they see something they desire in a shop window and change direction instantly to get closer to it. To get through the crowded mall without people walking through them the three visitors had to dance around - always observant and quick on their feet to avoid sharing the same physical space with another person.
 
Just outside the library, Rob stood and looked longingly at a messy, hand drawn poster advertising twenty pieces of blueberry pie for only £10. "I guess less effort is put into slick advertising in this economy," he said. "At least they still have my favourite flavour of pie!"
 
"Let's just find out about Peter Pooper or whatever his name is so we can locate Dad," said Marnie, heading into the library.
 
"Wait just a minute", said Matt. "Why would the blueberry pie be priced in pounds rather than work credits? I don't understand this place."
