Maitland led Marnie, Rob and Matt across Cambridge of the universe without money, past the library and across the market square to Great St. Mary's Church. The current church on this site was built in 1478 but stood over the foundations of the 11th century church. It was big, old, and imposing. They walked past the sweet little lady charging a fee of 15 minutes in work credits for admission to climb the bell tower and headed up the twisting stone stairs to the top. From this vantage point atop of the tower, they could see all of Cambridge laid out below.
 
"From up here, it almost looks like we could be at home." said Marnie
 
"This will be a good place to change universes." advised Maitland while opening his small laptop computer. He turned to Rob who had his tablet PC in his hand. "Type signature 57343358925748214903 into your modulator," he said to Uncle Rob. Rob carefully typed in the twenty-digit code. "Before we go, did you get the signature of the universe we are now in?" asked Maitland.
 
"Yes," Matt answered, "we figured that out while Uncle Rob was being held hostage."
 
Rob had finished typing and double checking the numbers. "Out of curiosity, what happens if I get one of these digits of the signature wrong?"
 
Maitland answered, "You go somewhere else, some random universe or possibly into an empty void. Do you want to check those digits one more time?"
 
Rob compared the numbers again, then pressed the button. They began to feel dizzy like before. The next thing they knew they slowly regained consciousness on the floor of the Great St. Mary's church bell tower in another universe. Marnie and Maitland got to their feet first. Rob was just starting to move as Matt walked to the window to take in the view. The universe chosen by the New East India Trading Company was one of devastation. Cambridge appeared to have been bombed heavily. From what they could see, the city was deserted apart from a few homeless and mostly mad people, and dogs.
 
Uncle Rob finally got up to join them and whispered "What now? Are the East India people down in the church?"
 
"This church is their headquarters. Very smart really. In this universe, the whole of South East England was wiped out in a war about twenty years ago so nobody will interfere with them here. Be very quiet and climb down the stairs. You should be able to hear them on the ground floor where they have made their office." said Maitland as he motioned to come to the top of the stone stairs.
 
Matt started down the stairs first, stepping as lightly as he could and imagining he was James Bond about to sneak into Goldfinger's lair and foil his evil plan for world domination. His dream was disturbed by the loud clicking of his Uncle Rob's feet on the steps behind him. Marnie, however, would have made a good spy. She was behind Rob, and as silent as a church mouse.
 
They descended closer and closer to the ground floor of the church. The 123-step climb up the tower was long, but sneaking down into what could be a trap felt even longer. Matt now realised that that they had no reason to trust Maitland and this was, in fact, a pretty stupid trip for them to have taken. The staircase was a spiral and only wide enough for one person. Maitland was at the back of the little group and who knew what was at the bottom. One push from Maitland and they would all fall into a trap. There was nothing that could be done about it now.
 
Matt reached the bottom step, stopped and listened intently. He could hear nothing apart from Rob breathing heavily down the back of his neck. He peeked around the corner into the main room of the church, scanned the area for people, saw nobody, and stepped quietly off the final step. The church pews had been removed and replaced with modern office furniture which filled the church. A high-class, large, round wooden boardroom table took centre stage. Surrounding the table were half a dozen office whiteboards. Each was about six feet high by eight feet wide. Four of them were covered in photos, pictures, hand drawn lines, and diagrams.
 
Marnie walked up close to the first massive whiteboard. "This looks like what you see in all the TV detective shows, where they collect all the clues on a big wall and stare at it and discuss it while moving the photos around until the truth comes shining through."
 
Rob had wandered up to another whiteboard, "This is also how trendy modern management teams often tackle problems and plan to reach business targets. We are not looking at the work of a group of knife wielding hoods. It looks as though this was created by a skilled and focused management team with a purpose."
 
"You're right about that. Look at these chairs around the boardroom table. This is serious head office kit: soft black leather, high backs, well padded, smooth casters for rolling about and adjustable lumbar supports. These would have cost someone at least £800 each." Matt pulled out his mobile phone and snapped a few photos for his chair collection.
 
Rob called Matt over to a whiteboard. "That camera would be of more use over here. Take photos of these whiteboards so we can show your mum. Look at this one, 'Maitland' is written right in the middle."
 
At that point they all turned to look for Maitland, whom they had forgotten about since descending the stairs. He was nowhere to be seen. A quick search for him in the nooks and crannies of the church was fruitless.
 
"I could go back up to the bell tower and look for him," Matt volunteered.
 
"He was definitely right behind me at the bottom of the stairs," said Marnie.
 
"We had better keep together. Who knows where Maitland went or what his agenda is. He did bring us here, but why?" said Uncle Rob while studying the first whiteboard. "This board shows Maitland connected by a big question mark to something called the 'Trade Free Group.' It also connects him to boxes labelled 'monitor Hector Moncrieff' and 'family' and 'assess value.' I don't like the sound of that. No wonder he decided not to stick around."
 
Marnie called out from the other side of the big room, "Come and have a look at this motivational tapestry. Are these guys odd or what?"
 
Hanging over the main front door of the church was a red cloth banner onto which had been stitched the words:
 
By order of King Charles II
the East India Trading Company
is hereby granted the rights to:
 
autonomous territorial acquisitions,
mint money,
command fortresses and troops and form alliances,
make war and peace,
exercise both civil and criminal jurisdiction over the acquired areas
 
"Wow," said Rob. "It would appear that the New East India Trading Company has ambitions."
 
"Yes. We studied the original East India Trading Company at school." Matt said, "By all accounts they were pretty nasty. They started work in the late 1500s, traded in opium, acted like pirates attacking and plundering Portuguese trading ships, exploited monopolies, went into China with gunships, and loads more. At that time, trade was just being established between the continents. The British were desperate to control it. The success of the East India Trading Company led directly to the powerful British Empire whch is only now fizzling away."
 
Rob jumped in, "I get it; at the time of the original East India Company, travel and trade were new and exploited by those who got in first. A similar situation now exists between universes rather than continents. In historical terms, right now is a key point. Just like the first tall masted sailing ships were a key point in their time because they allowed for large scale trade between parts of the world that had previously been unknown to each other. In the 1600s items like tea, opium, and spices were completely normal in their home countries, but in England and Europe they were considered exotic. They were scarce and therefore expensive."
 
"Exactly." Matt chipped in. "Did you know that the real East India Trading Company made its first successful trade selling nutmeg from a small island in Indonesia to Europeans at a mark-up of 32,000%. They then went to great lengths and killed many people to ensure the Portuguese couldn't get their hands on the trees that produced the nutmeg. Hey, that may be the first useful fact I ever learned in history at school."
 
Marnie said, "So, if the Mayan universe had developed a cure for cancer, and the no money universe we were just in had invented a way to extract energy from water molecules or something, then the New East India Trading Company could set up trading between the two universes and scrape off a huge profit?"
 
It was difficult for Matt to look at her and remain focused. Her t-shirt, today, had a formal drawing of William Shakespeare above the words "This shit writes itself." "Yes," Matt answered, "but it's more than profit, these guys are after power. Just as the British Empire ruled much of the world off the back of trade, these guys want to rule over multiple universes by controlling the communications and trade that will eventually become common between them. I'll get a photo of this for mum then let's get back to the whiteboard with Maitland in the middle."
 
Back at the first whiteboard, Marnie stared at the board and tried to act like a police officer, pointing and commenting on the items. "So, to sum up, Maitland is spying on us for the New East India Trading Company which wants to control trade between universes, but he might also be a double agent for the organisation known as the 'Trade Free Group.' Nobody seems to know where our dad is, but both groups seem to think that he and we are, for some reason, critical."
 
"That looks like a good summary of the board. Did you get a photo of it?" Uncle Rob asked Matt.
 
"Snapping the photo now," Matt said, framing the whiteboard in his mobile phone's camera. "Did you two notice the bottom left corner, a blue circle with r²=20 written in it? How the heck does that fit in, I wonder?  Let's move to another whiteboard."
 
"What if the India company people come back?" asked Marnie "They won't be too happy about us snooping around in their head office."
 
"I'll keep the DNA modulator handy and if they show up I'll zap us back home. I can do that because we already have the signature of this universe." said Rob, looking fairly impressed with his idea.
 
"I can't think of a better idea and we are learning a lot here. I'll zip around and take photos quickly in case we get interrupted." Matt said as the three walked to another whiteboard. This one looked as though it had been worked on longer than the first whiteboard. Some of the ink was partly rubbed off in places, and lots of lines connected all the pictures. At the top in big, red, capital letters, it read: 'HOW TO MOVE GOODS BETWEEN UNIVERSES?' Matt took a photo of it with his little camera. "Have you two considered that I have solved their big problem? My camera, I brought it from one universe into another. What is the big problem?"
 
Rob scratched his chin, "Good point, I don't know, but it can't be that easy, can it?"
 
Marnie read out the main sub-topic headings on the board: "'More powerful DNA modulators', 'Timing' with sub-topics of: 'full moon?', 'seasonal?', 'DNA frequencies in sync?', 'pyramid power', 'meditation', and -"
 
"I hate to interrupt, but I have someone here you should meet." It was Maitland, peering out from the bottom of the stairs.
 
"How long have you been there?" Marnie shouted at him.
 
"I've just returned. Follow me back up to the roof top." With that, Maitland turned and disappeared up the spiral stairs.
 
"I am liking that man less and less," Matt said, exasperated. "Do we follow him?"
 
Rob gave a heavy sigh. "You have photographs of all these whiteboards which we can study later. If Maitland wanted to do any of us an injury he could have easily done so before now, so I guess we might as well see what or who is in the bell tower."
 
Back up the 123 stone steps they climbed. As they neared the top, they heard muffled voices. They couldn't see the speakers, but one was most likely Maitland, the other, was a woman.
 
"That is not mum up there is it?" said Marnie in alarm. They came to a stop on the steps listening intently.
 
"I can't be sure from here. I hope mum is not tangled up in this too. We had better keep climbing," Matt said.
 
Arriving finally in the top, they spilled out of the cramped staircase. In front of them stood Maitland and a short, stocky woman of about fifty, power-dressed in a lilac business suit with tightly tied back blond/grey hair. "So nice to finally meet you all. Matt, Marnie, Robert, I am Jessica Smythe, founder of the Trade Free Group. Maitland suggested that now would be an opportune time for us to have a talk. Let's get out of this universe though, it gives me the creeps. Set up your modulator and enter in this signature, ready? It is 67530 44376 38989 71137."
 
"Whoa, hold on there. Can we slow down just a little here?" Matt said while Uncle Rob dug through his backpack for the silver walking stick, frisbee, and his tablet computer.
 
Marnie approached the woman, "Just what is the Trade Free Group? How did you know our names?"
 
"We can discuss all that soon," said Jessica Smythe, "but as I said, let's get away from this desolate universe. I would prefer not to be around when Lothsen returns."
 
Maitland suddenly stepped forward. "She's right. We should go. Miss Smythe here is not best friends with the New East India Trading Company leader."
 
"What have we got to lose?" Matt asked. "We might as well go with her."
 
"I'm not going anywhere until I know how it will help us get Dad back! Maitland here obviously does not know anything useful. Do you Miss Smythe?" said Marnie taking the Frisbee part of the modulator device from her uncle.
 
Jessica Smythe put a hand gently on Marnie's shoulder. "Sorry dear, I should have thought of what you are going through. I havn't seen your father Hector recently, but I feel partly responsible for what has happened. I am convinced he is OK and that together we will find him, or he will find you. But right now, we really should go to a safer place. Is that OK dear?"
 
Slightly calmed, but not entirely convinced, Marnie replied, "OK, we will come with you, but only because I can't think of anything better for us to do."
 
The mobile modulators were set up, and Rob entered the universe signature
given to them by Miss Smythe. Once again they stared into the intoxicating
depths and colours of the modulator and fainted into a pile on the floor.
