Hector took the Madingley Road Park and Ride bus from the city centre to the New Cavendish Laboratories a few miles to the west of the Cambridge city centre. Being invisible in this universe he was feeling smug about being able to avoid paying the fare, but once on the crowded bus things got hairy. Not wanting people to walk through him or sit on him Hector eventually found a place to stand at the feet of a seated young boy. He was out of the way of people joining and leaving the bus and not in a seat where he might be sat on. The boy, with his scruffy blond hair and untied shoelaces reminded Hector of Matt just a few years back. How would he get back safely to his family? Hector hoped Sylvia, Rob and the kids were not doing anything stupid like trying to rescue him. How could he leave them a sign that he was OK without the risk of bringing them to the attention of the thugs who were chasing him? He also had to figure a way to modify his DNA modulator so Lothsen and his men could not track his movements across universes.
 
Having completed the 5 minute walk from the Park and Ride to the new labs, Hector found his way inside the rather brutally functional buildings. Hector felt vindicated for his old fashioned views about science laboratories. The new labs were big and heartless. The rooms were also almost empty of scientists which was a good thing. He knew just what he was looking for, a mechanism to disguise the waveforms from his power source. His theory was simple, if you drop one big stone into a pond and watch the ripples it is very obvious from the wave pattern that a big stone was dropped in the centre of the concentric ripples. However, if you were to break up the stone and drop its many smaller pieces into the pond, it would be nearly impossible to work out which pieces had dropped where from monitoring the resultant waves. Hector knew of just the equipment that would dissipate the pattern of his power source, the ski pole looking apparatus, but would he be able to find it here in the big new labs?
 
Hector peered into one cubicle after another. It appeared that each was the domain of a single scientist and dedicated to a single experiment. Some rooms were barely big enough for a desk and a few old computers, others would have consumed an entire house; filled floor to ceiling with pipes, wires and all manner of equipment. He searched lab after lab for the sort of equipment he was after. As he did so he became more and more curious about the experiments being constructed, at first giving each room only a cursory glance, then stopping to study a few notes left out by a scientist or technician, then delving into the mechanics of the sometimes bizarre contraptions designed to extract knowledge from physical and chemical interactions of the world. In the end, Hector had to limit himself to 5 minutes in each lab or he would have stayed for hours. He made a mental note to stop being so snooty about  Old Cavendish and make an effort to visit New Cavendish labs in his home universe if and when he managed to return. Finally, in a medium sized lab near the back of the building he found the tools he was looking for.
