"This travelling is not getting any easier," Matt gasped, staggering to his feet on the roof terrace of Great St. Mary's Church and heading for a window. "This is encouraging. Look outside: this version of Cambridge is not the dismal dump of a universe we were just in." Matt was looking directly below, two hundred feet down, when a family of Chinese tourists floated by in a vehicle, hovered in the air beside him, took photos of the church tower, then flew off.
"That is cool!" said Rob, just catching sight of the car as it flew out of sight. "Flying cars, what a great universe."
Marnie was now up off the floor. "Where is Maitland? Did he decide not to come with us?" she asked Jessica.
 
"It would appear he had other, more pressing engagements" Jessica responded. "Nothing to be concerned about, he often does."
 
Rob went back to gawking at the flying cars.
 
"Those flying cars are completely normal here. About one hundred years ago a man here discovered a form of energy which is much better than the energy sources you have in your home universe. It has made all sorts of inventions possible. Follow me, we are going down the stairs and outside." said Jessica.
 
Marnie whispered to Matt, "If ever there was a 5-foot-2-inch, fifty-year-old, white haired tornado, this woman is it. Is she bossy or what?" Matt nodded in full agreement.
 
Out on the street, Marnie, Rob, and Matt followed Miss Smythe to the market square. As in their home universe, vendors used their tiny spaces under canvas awnings to trade in fresh vegetables, Union Jack boxer shorts, war memorabilia, and wine bottle decorations made from tin cans. Marnie gravitated quickly towards a Jamaican man selling t-shirts and colourful, knitted Rastafarian hats. She particularly liked the t-shirt with the slogan: "If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made out of meat?"
 
"It is odd," said Marnie to Jessica Smythe, "the different universes we have been in are not as different from each other as I might have expected. Wouldn't you think that the market square would be somewhere else, or not exist at all? At least the t-shirts would have different jokes printed on them? I would have thought, in some universes, people would have two heads or something."
 
"I know what you mean," Jessica replied. "I have visited eleven universes including this one. As you say, there are more similarities than differences. It seems that there are so many forces at work in moulding a society that one difference, even something as significant as a free and unlimited power source, usually gets lost in the mix. However, two of the eleven universes I've seen were completely different. There seems to be a tipping point, and when that line is crossed Cambridge and the people living here are completely different from the Cambridge in your home or mine."
 
"Tell us more about the unlimited energy," said Rob.
 
"Have you heard of Nikola Tesla in your home universe?" asked Miss Smythe. "He was born in 1856 and in this universe lived to the age of 90. He did some brilliant work in the fields of electricity and electromagnetism."
 
"Yes, he lived in our universe too," answered Rob, "He invented high voltage electrostatic machines and some sort of weird power plants. If I remember correctly, he went a bit over the edge in his later years and despite some signs of brilliance was pretty much denounced as a mad scientist."
 
Marnie interrupted, "Look at that wicked red and yellow hat. I want to try it on. But nobody in this universe can see us.
 
"Hello my friends, how can I help?" sang out the Jamaican stallholder.
 
Jessica gave a small gasp as Marnie asked to try on the hat, which did look good on her, but she decided not to purchase it as she wanted to avoid currency complications, as happened with the ice cream.
 
"Do you fly back and forth to Jamaica for your hats and shirts?" Rob enquired of the friendly salesman.
 
"I could, but I have them delivered to me here now. I used to travel all over the world. At first it was exciting, but nowadays everywhere is pretty much like everywhere else so I mainly stay here with my friends."
 
"You can't mean that Cambridge, England is just like Kingston, Jamaica?" quizzed Marnie.
 
Jessica had been watching from a short distance away, awestruck that she was watching Matt, Rob and Marnie interacting with a someone of a different universe. When they left the stall she explained, "Remember, here energy is free, therefore, travel is very cheap. People and goods are much more mobile here than in your universe, so yes, Kingston Jamaica and Cambridge are very much the same in this universe. It is ironic that since travel is so cheap and common, there is actually less of a reason to do it. Almost anything that you would go to Kingston or New York for is available right here in Cambridge. In fact, I don't think places like New York are that interesting anymore either. The ethnic neighbourhoods that give flavour to a city have disappeared, so now New York and most other cities are pretty bland and same-ish. Easy and inexpensive travel has led to a homogeneous world."
 
"I think," Matt said, "that I am starting to get the hang of these multiple universes. So even though this universe is more global than ours, as Marnie said, there are more similarities than differences between universes, right?"
 
Miss Smythe responded. "Yes, that seems to be the case. Something else I have noticed in my travels is that most universes have comparable inventions and technological advances at roughly the same time. Even within one universe it is common for significant advancements and discoveries to be made almost simultaneously by people who didn't even know of each other. Look at powered flight with the American Wright brothers in 1903 and, supposedly, a New Zealand man in 1902. While Charles Darwin was considering publication of his theory of evolution, another man named Wallace developed the same ideas. What is different between universes is whether or not new ideas are accepted and become ubiquitous. Here, Tesla went into partnership with a very wealthy American named Harold Witherspoon. Together they built one hundred power plants that literally suck energy from the air. The electricity produced by these plants they gave away for free. Other wealthy people around the world saw that by donating the cost of a power plant, the good that would come of their money was multiplied many times over. Soon, Tesla designed power plants were common all over the world."
 
Rob tapped away on his tablet PC for a while. After a moment he said, "according to the encyclopaedia on this tablet, which is from our home, Tesla sold patents to the Westinghouse Corporation. However, Westinghouse was not interested in giving energy away. They never paid Tesla and never used the patents."
 
"Dad would love this universe," Matt said. "He is always dreaming up new ways to produce power out of ponds full of eels, and all sorts of goofy ideas that never work."
