"Was Dad ever here with you?" Marnie asked
 
"No," replied Jessica.
 
"Where is he? What do you know about him? You said you know something."
 
"Let's sit over here on the bench and talk." Jessica led the three of them to a quiet corner of the church yard, just out of the market area. The bench itself was modern, made of some sort of carbon-composite material, like a high-tech tennis racket. The strength of carbon material allowed for the bench design to be purely artistic rather than practical: a single 1/4 inch diameter rod of the carbon rose elegantly from the earth, supporting the entire bench and its occupants. From that implausibly narrow trunk, seats splayed out like the petals of a flower.
 
Matt was examining the unusual bench. "I suspect the free, unlimited power in this universe alters the economics of available materials significantly from our universe."
 
"So do we sit on it or stand around admiring it?" said Marnie.
 
The bench looked very comfortable and we could all sit facing each other unlike traditional straight line benches which are awkward for conversations. Matt snapped a quick photo for his chair collection.
 
Marnie glared at Matt, "What are you doing? Dad is lost and you still photograph stupid seats. I don't believe you!"
 
"Dad would want us to be tourists, enjoying the travelling," said Matt defending himself. "Besides, none of us would be here if you had not,… never mind." Rob started fiddling with his tablet looking uncomfortable, as he usually did when Marnie and Matt had a spat. Let's just hear what Jessica has to say." Matt slowly and gingerly put his weight upon the fragile looking bench not believing it would hold him, but it did. Rob and Marnie tested the bench and carefully rested themselves on it. Jessica watched with curiosity as she sat down quickly not understanding their apprehension.
 
"I had better start from the beginning," Jessica said, now that we were all seated and she had our attention. "The ability to travel between universes is very new. I don't know of a single universe in which the concept of multiple parallel universes is commonly known or accepted. Certainly the capability and technology to travel between them is very, very rare indeed. However, it would be my guess that in a short space of time such travel will become common. When that happens, there will inevitably be a tremendous sharing of ideas and trading of goods between universes. For example, if you could take unlimited free energy back to your home universe, just think how rich and powerful you would become."
 
"But, I can do that now!" said Rob, excitedly jumping up from the carbon-fiber, flower-shaped bench. "This is amazing!"
 
"Remember a few things; firstly, you three are so far the only people who have been able to communicate directly with people in foreign universes. I recently visited a universe which seemed not to have guns, crime, or war. But because I couldn't talk with anyone I couldn't figure out how this had been achieved, or what I could bring home to make that happen in my universe. Also, you will soon find that it is not possible, as far as we know, to take any physical object from one universe to another. I kept a diary of my travels once, only to find all the pages were blank when I returned home. Photos and anything electronic won't travel home with you either."
 
"What?" yelped Matt, "My photos of this bench were a waste of time?"
 
"More importantly, our photos of the whiteboards at the New East India Trading Company will be lost too. That is a real shame since they seemed to be full of valuable information" moaned Rob.
 
"I can check that," said Matt, scrolling through his photos on the camera. "She's right. None of the photos we took in the other universes show up. So, what you are saying is that we can only carry home what we remember in our heads?"
 
"That is right. And good luck trying to convince someone to fund the building of a Tesla power plant in your universe based on a story about visiting a parallel universe. They will lock you away in mental institution." said Jessica.
 
"How does this lead us to our father?" said Marnie.
 
Jessica continued: "One of the men of that group known as the New East India Trading Company created a device that allows them to monitor trans-universe travellers. It seems that when someone leaps from one universe to another it creates a very distinctive wave pattern that is fairly easy to track."
 
"It sure feels like a powerful wave of some sort in my head," added Matt, holding his head for greater effect.
 
"Yes, and the East India Company are desperate to learn more about travelling so they can control and profit from it. They track every voyage from one universe to another. At this point, there are very few of us travellers."
 
"So, did they see Dad travelling?" Asked Marnie.
 
"They would have, but this story starts before that," replied Jessica. "You see, I managed to get a hold of a travel monitoring tool for a short while, thanks to Maitland. During that time, I was alerted to some of Hector's early experiments. He was not actually travelling at that point, but the wave disturbances were sufficient to register on the device. From that, I guessed that someone in your universe was close to making the jump to inter-universe travel. I went on a visit there to see who it might be and to see if I could somehow get the potential new traveller to see my point of view before the New East India Company got to them.
 
"And, what is your point of view?" asked Matt, now on the edge of his flower petal seat.
 
"I and a few others believe that it would be a disaster of universal proportions—if you'll pardon the pun—if any one group gains control over trade and travel between universes and exploits that for profit and power. That is exactly what Kane Lothsen wants to do."
 
"That's the guy Maitland was talking about." said Matt?
 
"Kane Lothsen is a nasty piece of work. He founded the New East India Trading Company. He has been gathering followers who share in his desire for domination of new trade routes between universes. To that end he monitors travelers, especially new travellers, with the hope of converting them to his scheme. He primarily needs good scientists. As yet, he can't move goods from one universe to another but it is only a matter of time and science. There is one other thing you should know about Lothsen. His home universe is one of harsh brutality. Slavery is common practice there still and from what I have seen of Lothsen they have little regard for human life."
 
Marnie stood up. "So, this Kane Lothsen wants to recruit Dad to the New East India Trading Company?"
 
"'Recruit' would be putting it nicely," said Jessica. "Lothsen will do whatever it takes to get a genius like your father to work for him. I told you that I happened to have a wave disturbance detector when your dad first conducted an experiment that showed he was on the right track. Although your father might not have even known that his early attempts to create a DNA modulator were working, I did. Crucially, Lothsen did not. As I was saying, I travelled to your universe to watch Rob and Hector for a short time. I needed to get Hector on my side and warn him about Lothsen. I am more limited than you three in that I can not communicate with people in other universes. However, I had heard a theory that some communication is possible through influencing the dreams of people. So that is what I tried. I entered the dreams of both Hector and your mother Sylvia. It took a while, but it must have worked because Hector's progress on the DNA modulator was amazingly fast after that."
 
Rob pulled the silver stick and Frisbee devices from his backpack and stared at them. "You mean you told Hector how to build these in his dreams?"
 
"That's right," replied Jessica proudly. "I didn't think it would work, but it did."
 
"That explains why they don't look like dad's usual cobbled together bits of hardware. You must have more advanced engineering than we do in our universe." said Matt, now in awe of the equipment they had been using. "Hector told me this silver stick was primarily a power pack. Do you mean to tell me I have been carrying a Tesla power generator all this time?"
 
"That's right. It is crucial that Lothsen never finds out that one can manipulate dreams to influence people in other universes. I heard about it quite by chance. If and when Lothsen discovers this, who knows what he might do. My hope is that you can only use dreams to accelerate what someone would accomplish on their own anyway, and not to bewitch a good person into doing bad deeds."
 
Marnie was now pacing back and forth, her eyes glued on Jessica. "You got into the dreams of Mum, too? What did you tell her?"
 
"I am not sure how successful I was in influencing her dreams. In any case, the message was not as straightforward as how to build a mechanical device. I tried to get her to dream about the harmful effects of  unfair trading relationships. That was probably too ambitious."
 
"Maybe," said Marnie, "but If you have been priming Mum's subconscious for several nights that explains why Mum didn't hesitate to send Rob off after dad so readily. I was surprised that she pressed the button on the modulator and sent him off into the unknown. Now it makes more sense. Dreams or no dreams I doubt if she would have ever allowed Matt and I to go too."
 
"We should get back home to Mum soon, but you still haven't told us where Dad is." said Marnie to Jessica.
 
"I am afraid something went wrong," replied Jessica solemnly. I didn't expect Hector to make his first inter-universe trip so quickly. It should have taken months, or at least weeks, to work out the calibrations and settings. How did you two work it out so fast?" she asked Rob.
 
"We didn't. Hector also estimated that we had several weeks or months of work still ahead of us. But then he suddenly vanished from the lab. Very strange. Have you actually seen him in another universe? Do we know with absolute certainty that he is even out here?"
 
"There is no doubt he is travelling. Maitland has seen him."
 
"He never told us that!" said Marnie. "I knew he was a dodgy character. Where and when did Maitland see Dad?"
 
"I would trust Maitland about as far as I could throw an elephant, but when his own ambitions happen to overlap with mine, he can be a very useful man to know. Maitland told me he met with your father in a universe in which Cambridge had a very strong South American influence and there was a giant red temple just over there," said Jessica, pointing at Kings College."
 
Rob spoke first. "So Hector was in the same universe as us! He would have been there one  day before we were. Wait a minute, we have a 'home universe' option on our modulator equipment and we used it in the Fitzwilliam museum to go home from the Mayan universe. Hector's modulator and software are identical to ours, why didn't he use it to go home? Maybe he didn't find the signature of the Mayan universe, like we did at the museum?"
 
There was a short pause as they considered Rob's question. Jessica replied, "I can't explain that. It is possible, of course, that Maitland is not telling me the full story. The point is that Hector is travelling universes and it appears that the New East India Trading Company doesn't know where he is either. Maitland told me that Hector gave them the slip when they tried to escort Hector to the New East India Company headquarters."
 
"Is that all you can tell us about Dad?" asked a disappointed Marnie. "You have not exactly showered us with helpful information to locate him and bring him home, have you?"
 
"Sorry," said Jessica. "You know as much as I do now. I wanted you to know about the New East India Company, how they want your father's talents and the ability you three have to interact with people in foreign universes. To be honest, I didn't believe it and wanted to see it for myself, too. I also want you to understand that if Lothsen and his New East India people manage to control trade between universes they will be ruthless with the power and riches they gain. You must also understand that there is another way. The Trade Free way that I am pushing for."
 
Marnie did not look overly impressed. "I have had enough of being pushed around and led astray. Please go if you can't help us find Dad."

Jessica stood and walked slowly, deliberatly a few meters toward the market square lost in thought then turned back toward Rob and the twins. Twice she started to speak but checked herself. She began to set up her modulator still looking at Marnie.

"Enough already," cried Marnie. You obviously have something to say, so just spill it. The moody dramatics are not going to get us anywhere. 

Jessica sighed. "Alright, I don't want to worry you, but there is something else. You all had better be sitting comfortably as this will take a while. You see, I have come up against Lothsen before and it did not end well. I want to warn you, but not scare you. I'm sure your father will be fine and in the end it will all work out."

"just get on with it already," said Marnie.

"OK, My own father was one of the first to travel from our home into the mult-verse. At first, he loved it. He would come back excited by the new ideas he came accross in other places, he was like a kid with a new toy. We had not seen hm so full of life and joy for many years. You see at home he was a successfuly business man and had started several successful companies, mostly in the building trade. As his companies and their expertise grew he began expanding overseas eventualy sending crews to work all around the globe. For the first few years he managed to take good ideas, materials and practices from one country and pick out what would work well in other places. He had a keen eye, for knowing what would translate well to other workers and methodologies."

"But, over the years the accountants took control of the businesses one by one. Dad said there was no fun it it anymore, it was all about pleasing shareholders and boards with higher and higher profit margins even though we had more money than he knew how to spend. That is why he was so excited by the other universes. For dad it was like starting over, this time he said he would keep control and build something besides just profit for profit's sake."

"One evening dad came home more excited than usual. He said he had met another traveler who shared his goals. He said this man was like his twin, someone who wanted to make the worlds a better place for all, someone who did not care about himself. You have probably guessed that he was being conned by Kane Lothsen."

"What did Lothsen do that was so terrible?" asked Rob.

Jessica continued, "Lothsen took my father to a universe where building materials were very, very different from what we knew, much more advanced than bricks and mortor or glass and steel. The buildings could almost grow by themselves. I 

1,  J. brought in to help, learn how buildings were grown
2. father to finance growing in his home universe as a fist go
3. Lothsen to find other universes in need of the new tech and give it to them
4. J. nurtured into saying success was always near, so as to succeed for her father -  and she fell for it.
5. Lothsen told to get started by borrowing more and more money for finance - pissing off his colleagues
6. father has to somehow steal or worse to rescue J. from her own pride-ful actions which Lothsen has setup.
=============================================================== 
Jessica set up her modulator and left Rob and the twins.
