Rob, Marnie and Matt looked around the market in the universe with unlimited energy for a few minutes until Matt said, "we better get back to Mom. While this is an interesting place, my heart is just not in exploring it now."
 
Rob agreed and began to set up the modulator. "What is that foul smell?" he asked.
 
Facing them were two of the ugly men who had kidnapped Rob from the library. Standing between them was a third man with his arms crossed and leaning slightly backward. He wore a perfectly tailored pinstripe blue suit, and black leather shoes that had been shined to within an inch of their lives. His dirty blond hair was cut very short. His cold watery blue eyes peered out from a pallid complexion. His face was too fat for his body.
 
"So, you must be the famous trio of Matt, Marnie and Rob. So glad to finally meet you. I am Kane, Kane Lothsen. I believe you have already made yourselves welcome in my New East India Company offices.
 
Uncle Rob stepped forward ever so slightly towards the intruders, looking like he was about to say something important.
 
Marnie whispered to Matt, "Look at the way Lothsen is standing. I bet he learned that posture in a management course named Body Language for Jerks Who Want to Appear Superior."
 
Rob said, "How did you find us? Have you been following us somehow?"
 
"I bet they have been monitoring our travel between universes." said Matt.
 
Lothsen took a step towards Rob, who instinctively backed away. Lothsen turned his gaze towards Marnie, then looked quickly at Matt. "I am not an evil man or even a bad man. I am a simple man with a dream. You three are probably too young, but did you ever have the feeling you knew your destiny? Have you ever seen an opportunity not noticed by others and reached out to grab it? I know my destiny and someday you and millions of others will see just how stupendous it is."
 
In the midst of Lothsen's monologue Marnie whispered to Matt again. "Look at the way his enormous jowls keep flapping from side to side even after he is done talking. Amazing."
 
"Good luck with the destiny thing," said Marnie "Do let us know how you get on from time to time. A Christmas card every year would be nice. In the meantime I don't suppose you have the technology to send texts or something to our Mum and Dad asking them to meet us back here? Or is that beyond your capabilities?"
 
"Believe me, Marnie dear, I would like nothing more than for your entire family to be united again right here and right now. The thing is, your father seems to have taken some bad advice and is avoiding me. He is actually very good at that too.
 
"What is it you want with us? How do we fit this 'vision' of yours?" Matt asked.
 
Lothsen slid into yet another practiced posture, this time that of an 18th-century dandy about to entertain a small audience with his wit and wisdom. "What did you see while snooping around my office? I'll tell you what you saw: you saw the future of mankind. I will bring happiness and well-being to more people than anyone in any universe has ever dreamed possible. I will let the human race do what it has always done; share, trade and travel. As soon as mankind could walk, our ancestors stood up and walked to the edges of Africa and then to other continents. As soon as they could sail, they ventured across the seas to all corners of the globe. As soon as they learned to control their boats they filled them with exotic goods to return home with. Trade was established. From trade always comes advancement, new ideas, and riches. My New East India Trading Company will open trade routes between universes just as the original East India Company opened trade between the continents. Just as the original company built a great empire that improved the lives of many, so will I."
 
"Watch this," whispered Marnie quietly to Matt, "I want to get him to shake his head from side to side and see how long his jowls keep going after he stops moving his head." She addressed Lothsen, "That is all very well, but who gets rich? You?"
 
"Someone needs to set the rules of the trading game. Anarchy is not a good place to be is it? As the visionary and the one who can make it happen, it would be irresponsible of me to open trade routes between universes then just let the most greedy people take advantage of the rest. I shall do what is best for humanity by restricting the avalanche of uncontrolled interactions. To manage all that I shall need resources and by taking a small percentage of the value of each trade I will be able to fund such an enterprise."
 
"Damn." whispered Marnie, "I was hoping he would say 'no' and shake his head from side to side and get those cheeks swinging."
 
Lothsen ignored the whispers, which clearly were not loud enough for him to understand, and continued. "Through fate or just dumb luck your family is in a position to, no have a responsibility to, help me move the human race to a better situation. You three have shown us that it is possible to communicate with people in universes other than your own. My best scientists have put all their efforts into this but without success. You three will teach us how. Secondly, your father, wherever he is, has demonstrated uncanny skills in negotiating the multiple universes. I have watched many people make their first faltering steps into the multiverse, but your father hit the ground running. Having him on the team will speed us to our goal."
 
"The greater good of mankind is all very well," said Rob, "but we seem to agree that getting our family back together is key, so let's concentrate on that shall we?"
 
"You are an intelligent chap, Rob. And I would guess that Matt here is also most resourceful when he puts his mind to something. Is that right Matt?"
 
Matt said nothing and Lothsen kept on talking. "Here is what we are going to do. Rob and Matt, you go search for Hector. Marnie is coming back to my H.Q. as a little insurance policy. This way that when your family have your happy reunion I know you won't all run off and hide again. Don't worry, we will treat Marnie very nicely. She is going to instruct us on the art of talking with people from other universes."
 
As Lothsen was speaking he gave the slightest of nods to his two henchmen who in an instant had placed themselves on either side of Marnie, separating Matt and Rob from her. Marnie attempted to jump away from them, but was not quick enough.
 
"You can't do that. You are kidnapping her against her will, and ours." Matt said.
 
"I think you will find I can do what I like," replied Kane nodding again to the henchmen, who readied a device similar to our stick and Frisbee, making ready to travel out of our universe with my sister. "I expect you still have the code in your DNA modulator to return to the universe of my HQ. When you have found Hector, or he has found you, do come and pay us a visit. As I said, Marnie will be kept safe so you need not worry on that account."
 
With one last wink from Kane, he, Marnie and the two uglies were gone. Rob and Matt stood looking at each other, hoping the other would say something that would make everything OK.  "I hate people that wink," said Matt. He immediately felt awkward for not having anything more appropriate to say.
