The year is 1204 A.D. A falcon darts across the desert sky somewhere over what is now known as Kazakhstan. The falcon sees below him large camps of warriors, heady with the success of recent victories over several local towns and villages. This land was the latest acquisition of the Mongol empire being forged by Genghis Khan.
 
Jochi glared into the cold eyes of his younger brother. Ogedei's return stare showed nothing but hatred and contempt. The two young men were engaged in brutal combat: Bökh Mongolian wrestling. At this moment, they were locked together in a hold with each gripping the other around the back. They stood toe to toe, face to face. Ogedei spat in his brother's face. Jochi was older at twenty-one and had the advantage of 4 inches of height and 20 pounds weight against 19-year-old Ogedei. The younger brother was lean, wiry, strong as an ox and fast as a fox. He also had the most to lose in this battle.
 
Twenty minutes earlier Ogedei had insulted Jochi fiercely and publicly. Among other insults, he claimed that Jochi was not the son of Ogedei's father Genghis Khan and that neither he nor anyone else would ever serve under Jochi in battle.
 
At the age of 10, Genghis had killed his half-brother in a squabble over the spoils of a hunting excursion. Now he watched his two eldest sons in combat.
 
Jochi was accustomed to name calling and jibes from his brothers. He looked different from them with a flatter nose and a rounder head. Jochi's wispy goatee beard was reddish while his three brothers had dark facial hair. There were always the rumours that his mother had been kidnapped and held hostage by an enemy clan nine months before his birth. However, Genghis Khan had always declared Jochi to be his son and no one argued with him. Today Jochi had been given no choice. The insults had been so vile and so public that Mongol decorum demanded he defend his honour, even if it meant killing his brother.
 
The wrestling dojo had been laid out on the dry, hard, red dirt. A large crowd had gathered for the spectacle. Even the falcons circling over the area were more intent in the actions of the humans below than in catching their next meal. As the sun dropped near the horizon the winds which pummelled the steppe mercilessly ceased and the match began. For 15 minutes it had not been a fair fight: honour was at stake, but neither combatant was above throwing sand in the other's eyes or taking a kick at their groin. Head-butts were common, as was pulling hair if it could lead to a tactical advantage. It was a dirty fight, an ugly fight. Now they were locked together. Neither dared to be the first to release his grip on the other. So there they stood face to face. The longer this deadlock continued, the more it should favour the heavier Jochi. Ogedei was strong, but it took more effort to hold off Jochi than Jochi had to expend against the lighter Ogedei. Minutes passed. The crowd clamoured for action.
 
Genghis Khan sat silently watching, his face emotionless.
 
Jochi knew that time was his ally. Hatred exploded from Ogedei's eyes like steam from a geyser.
 
Jochi's eyes then softened. His face relaxed just a fraction to form not a smile, but —for an instant—a slight upturn of the corner of his mouth. At the same time, his grip on Ogedei loosened. The relaxation was so minor it was completely unnoticed by all but Ogedei who wasted no time in throwing his brother harshly to the ground. He lept on Jochi in an instant and with a wrestling technique honed over years of battle he quickly turned Jochi face down, twisted his arm and leg into unnatural and painful angles, and shoved his face into the dirt with such force as to break Jochi's nose.
 
Several painful moments later the fight was over. Ogedei kicked his brother a few times for good measure then stood to accept applause from the audience. He walked proudly away; the new heir to the Khan empire.
 
The falcons returned to their hunt. The crowds of Mongol warriors went to their tents to collect their drinking vessels. Tonight there would be a celebration in the camps. Toasts were made to Ogedei, the great fighter. He drank heavily and boasted loudly of great things that were to come now that he was second in command after his father.
 
Stepping out of the main tent around midnight, Ogedei spied his brother Jochi sitting quietly, cross-legged on a small outcrop of rocks a short distance from the festivities. Ogedei staggered to him. The brothers exchanged harsh stares, both then erupted into laughter, hugging and slapping each other on the back. The years of tension between them was over. Ogedei became serious. "Are you all right my brother? Your nose looks bad."
 
"I am perfect," Jochi replied with a new tone of confidence and fulfilment which Ogedei could not understand.
 
"Why did you loosen your grip?" Ogedei whispered, slightly unsure if the question should be asked.
 
"Looking at you there in the ring I was struck not by one of your many blows, but by a truth so real and so strong it is unlike any I have ever known. The truth is that I am not a warrior, you are. I never knew that before. I never even thought to ask myself the question. Being the eldest son of the greatest warrior this earth has ever known, why would I question my destiny. But you knew, didn't' you brother? I thank you for calling me out into the ring, forcing my hand and giving me no choice but to confront my future."
 
"I am happy you have found your inner peace, dear Jochi. But, I think you credit me with wisdom I do not possess," said Ogedei.
 
Jochi replied, "You know you are a fighter, one who will extend father's empire and make our family even greater in the years to come. Deep down you know this unquestionably. You do what it takes to progress unerringly towards your destiny. I, however, needed your guidance, your push, in fact, your blows to my head, to drive me away from a false path towards my true destiny."
 
"And what is your destiny, brother Jochi?"
 
"Have you noticed the two sides of our father's character? He will capture whole cities even countries, but he will not destroy a monastery. He will punish severely anyone who has threatened our family, but he allows all our captured peoples to practice the religion or philosophy of their choice. I wish to follow the teachings of Buddha and to learn the ways of Shamanism and Tengrism. Allah and his message fascinate me, but as yet I know little of them. The Christian missionaries we have come across have many important messages for me to learn. Then there are the Taoist traditions which I find most enchanting of them all. This is the realm of my future. I knew all this in that instant before you threw me to the ground."
