Sylvia was again waiting in the horrible, cheap, old chair that Hector loved so much. Although she had put it off for a long time, Sylvia finally had to admit to herself that she was well and truly worried; not yet panicking, but beyond being able to deny fully blown worry. Her children and brother had now been gone wandering among the universes for too long and she felt hopeless. Her husband had been missing for close to 36 hours. She felt alone, and more than a little bit guilty. It would be all right. She felt this way on their first journey into the multiverses and they returned OK. It was predictable that they would become more adventurous as they travelled more in other universes wasn't it? But, if something had gone wrong what could she possibly do to help?
 
She had already used her usual distraction techniques. On the Internet, she had found a pack of 8 unused sheets of 14 x 7 inch X-ray film for only $2.95. Surely there would be any number of fun uses for those, but her brain was not in the mood for that game. What had become of Hector? Eventually, Sylvia drifted off into a light, fitful sleep.
 
"Wake up, Sylvia. It's me. Wake up!"
 
It sounded like Hector's voice. What a happy dream, Sylvia thought to herself, her eyes still closed. A warm hand was shaking her shoulder. With that touch from her husband, she was instantly awake and alert.
 
"Hector! Is that really you?"
 
Hector beamed and pulled her into a strong embrace. "We have to leave very quickly," Hector said, breaking off the hug before either of them wanted to.
 
"I thought I might never see you again! Why do we have to leave? Did Rob and the kids find you?"
 
"We are not safe here," Hector said as he quickly scribbled something on the back of a large envelope and left it prominently on the lab desk beside them. "Brace yourself," he said while punching in numbers on the DNA modulator.
 
Sylvia felt light headed, as if she was about to faint, then she did. Seconds later she awoke again, this time in Hector's arms on the floor of the lab. Their embrace lasted much longer this time. "Am I dreaming or not? Tell me I am not."
 
"You are most definitely awake," Hector replied, getting to his feet and lifting her up beside him.
 
Sylvia looked at her husband. Pushing 50, Hector was still handsome. His 6-foot frame carried the muscle of the athleticism of his younger days when he had captained the university football team and also excelled in the 1500m track event. Hector had even been considered for the U.K. Olympic track team, but decided the dedication and hours of training needed were more than he was willing to put into running around in circles. Hector's blond hair, which somehow always appeared in need of a trim , was more disheveled than usual. "I kind of like the macho stubble beard," beamed Sylvia, "but that wrinkled and dirty shirt needs help."
 
"I am just starting to like this shirt, it smells just about right after two days," joked Hector.
 
"Did Rob and the kids find you? Where are they?"
 
"No, they didn't find me, but they are OK as far as I know. I have seen evidence of them in a couple of universes."
 
Sylvia paced the room "I don't see that big envelope that you put on the table just a few seconds ago. So, I presume we just travelled to another universe, correct? "
 
"That's right. Welcome to the multiverse Sylvia. It's a fascinating place to be, but we are not the first to be able to travel between the universes and not all the people out here have good intentions which is why it is not a good idea to be waiting around in the lab in our home universe. They will probably be watching that location."
 
"But what about Rob, Matt and Marnie? How will they find us? Do you know where they are?"
 
"I've been leaving clues for them which I hope will lead them to this universe. That note I left on the envelope on my desk in my lab was a clue for them. The problem is a group of inter-universe travellers known as the New East India Trading Company. They are not nice people. I don't want them to know where we are. We should go. Even in this universe my old lab is not a good place to stay for long."
