Meanwhile In another universe, Sylvia and Hector walked arm in arm across the market square. The universe they were now visiting welcomed them with warm, pleasant sunshine. For Sylvia, this was her first trip 'abroad' away from the universe which a few minutes before had contained the only life she knew. Hector, on the other hand, was now a seasoned traveller after less than two days traversing the multiverse.
 
"I have so many questions," said Sylvia. "Where are Rob and the twins? What do you know about them?"
 
"Like me they have been jumping between universes. The trouble is they are not likely to be in the same part of the city as us without some coordination and I'm doing my best on that. Shall I start from the beginning and tell you what I have figured out about these strange universes?"
 
"That would be nice. But first, where are we now? This looks like Cambridge, but it's somehow different. The shops are different, there are people singing over there and they don't appear to be busking for money. The market area here seems more colourful to me than it used to be."
 
"Your powers of observation are as sharp as always. Remember when the twins were younger you would annoy them by telling them when they needed to go to the loo before they knew it themselves?"
 
"That is not difficult, mums just know that sort of thing."
 
"Anyway," continued Hector, "about a week ago we were both having strange and recurring dreams, right?"
 
"Yes, my dream was awful. There was a tribe of people living on an island. They were slowly all dying of a deadly virus that had taken hold. It was terrible, children were dying, and their mothers were lying in pain unable to help them. I have never had nightmares before, but this really bothered me. In a nearby cove on this island lived another tribe. Their lady doctor had discovered a cure for the virus using a rare plant that only grew in one particular spot in their cove. This second tribe had completely eradicated the dreadful virus, but they had very little food to eat since a fire earlier in the year had destroyed all their stored food and seeds. In my first dream, the two tribes didn't know the other existed and, therefore, were unable to help each other. The second dream was even worse; the two tribes knew of each other's problems and wanted to help each other but couldn't because of an evil god of trade which would allow them to swap only jewellery with other tribes. The god demanded half of all jewellery traded as a gift. Those were the oddest dreams I have ever had. They repeated every night for a week, then suddenly stopped."
 
"Yes, and at the same time I was having strange dreams too. These dreams led to me build  the mobile DNA modulators much, much more quickly than I could have imagined. It turns out that those dreams were seeded into our heads by someone from another universe. She is a woman called Jessica Smythe and I met her recently."
 
"What? Some woman has been messing with our dreams? I find that more than a bit creepy don't you? What is this Jessica like?" said Sylvia, no longer looking around the market stalls.
 
"Jessica is the leader of a small group known as Trade Free. Their only aim appears to be stopping Kane Lothsen and his thuggish organisation, the New East India Trading Company."
 
"Why does this Jessica Smythe want to sabotage our dreams?"
 
"Actually," said Hector, "All of this parallel universe stuff is almost unbelievable. My brain can understand the theory, but every other part of me is screaming that it can't be true and that we are only in a dream state or a hallucinogenic trip."
 
"I know exactly what you mean" replied Sylvia. "Remember Winston Churchill's most famous quotation:
"Once in a while you will stumble upon the truth but most of us manage to pick ourselves up and hurry along as if nothing had happened."
 
"You have never been the type that would hurry along as if nothing has happened." Sylvia continued, "Getting back to the point, what do these two organisations do? The Trade Free and the New East India?"
 
"The New East India Trading Company is the whole reason I have been on the run. If it were not for them the family would be together and we would be enjoying the most fascinating and important scientific discovery since ... I don't know when. As far as I have been able to figure out, all universes started at the same point and are the same age, but whenever a significant event happens, or does not happen, a new branch in the universes is created. For example, there is a whole branch of universes in which we never met."
 
"That universe must be a very sad place for us. If every chance event since the beginning of time makes a new universe there must be an almost infinite number of universes," said Sylvia.
 
"That is most likely the case. But why not? If there can be two universes, then why not a million? If a million then, like stars in the sky why not an uncountably big number of universes? However, it seems to be if events turn out to be insignificant the universes they spawn merge together again. It seems that nature does not waste space with duplicates. Each universe has a unique vibrational pattern or signature—as do our bodies. The DNA modulators that I built change our own vibrations just enough so that we are transported to, or more accurately allowed to exist, in a different universe."
 
Sylvia pondered, "So how do you know what universe you are going to when using the modulator? And how do you get back home?"
 
"You need a map. Which we don't have. My first trips were pretty random. I programmed the modulators to go to a sequence of seemingly random universes. The sequence is not actually random, but where you end up is completely unknown. Once you have been to a universe, you can go back to it by using the signature again."
 
"Got it. It is like facing an infinite number of closed doors with numbers painted on them. You open one and step in. That is your unknown universe. You then step back out and take note of the door's number in case you want to go there again someday. Am I right?"
 
"As usual, you're exactly right."
 
"You said you were leaving clues so that Rob and the kids could find us. Why the secrecy? Can't you just leave a note in the lab of our home universe saying: meet us in universe 12345, or something like that?"
 
"I could have left an explicit note, but that would tell Lothsen and the New East India Company how to find us too. It would also tell them how to find Rob and the kids."
 
"Ah," said Sylvia "Sometimes you are not as dumb as you look, are you? "
