"Well, this is going to be a challenge for us," said Rob as he and Matt stood in Hector's lab in their home universe. Marnie had just been kidnapped, Sylvia was missing, and Hector had not been seen for days now. What could have been a great adventure for the family had gone from bad to worse. Matt was still in a state of shock after the witnessing the actions of Lothsen and his men. If they could materialise out of nowhere and take someone, as they had just done with Marnie, what else might they do? An hour ago Matt was filled with the excitement of a boy taking his boat from island to island discovering hidden coves and uncharted treasures. Now he just felt vulnerable as his metaphorical boat pitched to and fro in the waves of a heavy storm. Matt had lost all confidence.
 
Rob sat on Hector's favourite chair and spoke. "What do we do now? Do we try to get Marnie back from the New East India Company, try to find Hector, or look for Sylvia?"
 
"How should I know?" Matt yelled at Rob. As soon as he said it, Matt apologised. This predicament was not Rob's fault. Matt stomped back and forth in the little room taking his frustration out on various objects that had the unfortunate luck to be in the path of his feet. A full trash can sailed across the room, its contents flying in all directions."At least we know where Marnie is. As for Mom and Dad, we don't even know where to start looking, do we?"
 
Rob had slid over to the desk and was scribbling away on one of the many large sheets of paper they had been working on. He mumbled something about a classic operations research problem and continued to write.
 
Ten minutes later Rob lifted his pen from the paper looked up at Matt and said, "I have mapped out what we know and what we don't know. I have assigned priorities and calculated probabilities of success over varying time spans constructing a number of likely scenarios. Logically, the best course of action would be this: first, we stay here for one more hour. If Sylvia is in this universe, she wouldn't leave this room for more than an hour, if at all, knowing that we were due back at any time. Second, we use that hour to get smarter in our search for Hector. As you say, we have not had any success finding him, just travelling randomly around an infinite number of universes is not effective. We'll carry on mapping out ideas on the big sheets of paper. We know where Marnie is so it would be better use of our resources to look for Hector. As for Sylvia's whereabouts, I'm afraid we have no information at all, so looking for her will be futile until we have some kind of starting point."
 
"You are a geek's geek aren't you, Uncle? A cold and calculated analysis as usual, even when the subject is our family. But, I guess I can't disagree with your logic. How do we start?"
 
"Grab a pen. Write down what we know about Hector, and what we know about the multiverse," said Rob with more conviction than usual.
 
In 30 minutes, Matt and Rob had filled eight huge sheets of paper recounting their experiences in the multiverse. The main headings were:
PEOPLE:
    Maitland
    Jessica Smythe
    Lothsen
    Hector/Dad
    Antonio the ice cream salesman
    Reggae hat salesman
    Baby in Fitzwilliam museum - could see Marnie
 
MULTIVERSE TRAVEL:
    DNA modulator
    Feeling sick
    Invisible
    Trade
 
UNIVERSES:
    Mayan
    Work credits instead of money
    New East India Trading Company offices
    Tesla unlimited energy.
 
ORGANISATIONS:
    New East India Trading Company
    Trade Free
 
"I can't think of anything else to put down," said Rob taking a step back, surveying the results of their efforts.
 
Matt began pacing the room again, looking and feeling agitated. "You know what bugs me?"
 
"I should think a lot of things are bugging you now," said Rob. "I remember you and Marnie making a few comments and exchanging knowing looks when discussing how Hector could possibly have suddenly vanished when our experiments were highly controlled and progressing at a nice, slow pace. Did something happen you want to tell me about?"
 
"What? No, it is not that. I mean, no. What is bothering me is Lothsen. When he was talking about improving the human condition through controlled trade between the universes, it seemed to make sense to me, I mean, he may not be the nicest man you will ever meet, and I certainly wouldn't want to run into him and his thugs in a dark alley, but he actually thinks he is doing the right thing, for millions and millions of people."
 
"Hitler thought he was right and doing his best to improve the human condition too. You study history, at least a little right?"
 
"Yes." Matt replied.
 
"How many long lasting and successful civilizations can you name that had dictators running the show? Lots of dictators probably started out with good intentions. Lothsen may even have good intentions. What is that old phrase, 'power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely', something like that anyway. As Jessica Smythe said, one person should not have that kind of power and control over so many."
 
"OK, you have a point, but Lothsen does sound convincing when he gets talking doesn't he?"
 
"I suppose," replied Rob "but I refer you back to Hitler again. Have you ever seen film footage of his speeches and rallies? Tens of thousands of otherwise normal Germans became entranced by his every word. I can't explain it, but great oratory does not always equate with great morals or ideals does it?"
 
"No, but wouldn't you like to do something really good for the human race? Wouldn't you like to be remembered by future generations as one who made a difference?" Matt asked his uncle.
 
"Of course I would like to improve the world Matt. But look at some of the entries we wrote down under Lothsen's name only a few minutes ago. One, he just kidnapped your sister. Two, he took me away against my will, too. Three, your dad is in hiding from him and Hector must have a good reason for that. Do you really think Lothsen would make a good partner?"
 
"I suppose you are right, as usual. First officer Spock of the USS Enterprise would be proud of you. Once again logic triumphs over mere emotion."
 
"Thanks, but on the subject of emotions, you once again avoided the issue of how Hector was travelling before we thought it possible. Are you going to tell me what happened?"
 
Matt's pacing quickened a little. "OK, I guess I might as well."
 
"I think you'd better."
 
"You know how Marnie sometimes gets in a silly mood and just does stuff? Like when she got us all thrown out of the London Natural History Museum?"
 
"Yes, she was well out of order, but it was interesting to learn that a miniature poodle, a dog bred by humans over hundreds of years to be about as far removed from its origins as a wolf as it could be, still had a liking for dinosaur bones. I mean, how would a poodle even know what a dinosaur bone was? And how in the world did Marnie manage to smuggle that poodle into the Natural History Museum?"
 
"Quite, well she was in that sort of mood, too much sugar, caffeine or something that day and she started changing the settings on this DNA modulator here." I pointed at the big apparatus on the table. "I tried to stop her, I really did. But, well, in trying to put things back I might have made it worse. Could changing these settings really have sent Dad into a random, unknown universe? I feel awful, but it was Marnie who started it."
 
Rob stood and walked close to the device, staring intently at the myriad of switches and dials. "Hmm, look at this. There is no telling what affect  these settings might have had. It seems unlikely that it would have worked at all, but it seems to have done something to Hector. In a way, we are lucky he survived."
 
The horror-stricken look on Matt's face caught Rob's eye.
 
"Sorry, I didn't mean to upset you, but you and Marnie have to learn to not mess with things you don't understand."
 
Matt slunk sheepishly into the opposite corner of the lab. What had he and Marnie started he wondered? Had they almost killed their father? Was the worst yet to come now that Mum, Dad and Marnie were all missing?
 
"Let's get back to the papers here and see if we can make some sense out of all that we wrote down." Rob began to re-arrange the sheets on the table. He picked up the envelope Matt had previously cast aside. The one with the scribble on the back: "17 Round Pies, 20p each."
 
"What on earth could this be?" he said holding up the envelope. "I'm going to copy it down here under the heading ''random weird stuff."
 
"We are likely to end up with a whole lot in that section," Matt warned him.
 
Matt worried that the incident with Marnie and the controls might leave Rob angry at him for a long time to come, but Rob seemed to have moved on and was concentrating fully at connecting up items from the papers and charting out what looked like several parallel time-lines. Matt watched in awe his uncle methodically stepped through item after item, never getting frustrated by the time or effort involved.
 
"How can you keep that up? It looks so ... boring."
 
Rob looked up at Matt. "This is what I do. I sort data, looking for patterns and relationships. It's my job here with your dad and I actually love it." He went back to work, but after a minute or two looked up at me again. "When you were about 9 or 10 years old you came home from school one day and said something very profound to me. You probably don't remember or even think it was important at the time."
 
"You remember something I said 6 years ago? What pearls of wisdom could I have possibly spouted out at such an age?"
 
"You said you didn't understand school. You said 'at school you don't really learn stuff, they just ask you what you know.' To me, that was profound."
 
"That is sort of true, isn't it. Although you are right—I don't remember that remark."
 
"It is often true, all those tests are not learning. Hours spent writing papers is only documenting what is in your head already. When I tear into a set of data, be it from one of Hector's experiments or the experiences we have written down here, I am really learning something new. I am extracting data and creating knowledge that I did not already know. Call me a geek if you want, but I think deep down you know what I am talking about."
 
"I never realised and yes, I think I do understand. Back to the point, have you figured out the answer? Can we find Dad?"
 
We just don't have enough information here. I've tried everything I can think of. We need more data."
 
"Does that mean venturing to another universe?"
 
"Yep, are you up for it?" asked Uncle Rob, oddly excited now as he set up the Frisbee and stick mobile DNA modulator.
 
"Hold on! I am having a brain wave, flash of inspiration that even you would be proud of. Before you press the magic button on the modulator, let's sit down. That way when we pass out we won't fall to the floor like every other time we have travelled to another universe."
 
"Now you are thinking," said Rob as he sat in Dad's favourite chair. Matt pulled a stool over next to him and perched on it. "Ready?"
 
"Ready!" Rob pressed the button and the usual giddy, sick feeling came over them both as they headed off into the unknown.
