In another universe, Hector and Sylvia continued on their way across Cambridge. The questions and explanations had stopped for a little while as both were happy to simply enjoy being in each other's company again. Their time apart since the beginning of the universe travelling had not been long, but there had been so much uncertainty, especially from Sylvia's point of view, that it seemed like ages.
 
"The kids told me about being invisible to the people in another universe. It is very unnerving walking the streets constantly having to dodge other people. But, tell me about the universe we are in. What makes it different from ours?" Sylvia asked as they turned a corner into the market square.
 
"I don't know a lot about it yet, except that I think we can use something here to trap Lothsen and the New East India Trading Company."
 
"How? I thought you had to figure out what made a universe different from your home universe before you could get home again, or return to it or something like that. That is what Rob seemed to think anyway."
 
"I thought so too at first," said Hector. "but, it turns out that is only partly right. The mobile DNA modulators are set to return to our home universe at the push of a button, that is not a problem. What we don't know is where we might end up when we choose to travel to a new universe. Those numbers on the doors you thought of to explain it a moment ago are correct, but as yet there is no map, nothing to say that door number two is a universe of unimaginable wealth and happiness and that door number three is a place of death and misery, for example."
 
"I'd love it if behind door number four was a universe in which the queue you moved to because it was shorter did not suddenly come to a halt as soon as you moved to it. That would certainly be different than where we come from," said Sylvia.
 
"I suppose such a universe is possible but exceedingly unlikely" Hector chuckled. "I'd love a universe in which there was just one common power adapter for all of your brother Rob's electronic gadgets. My lab is littered with his little cables. But, back to the modulators. Another thing the mobile modulators do is remember where you have been. If you did happen upon a universe where changing queues actually gave you an advantage, your modulator would store the twenty-digit signature of that universe and you would be able to get back to it whenever you want. I can see why Rob misunderstood it though. The home button wouldn't work until you had saved the signature of the current universe."
 
"OK, but how does this help us to trap Lothsen? For that matter, why do we want to trap this Lothsen person anyway?" asked Sylvia as they wandered between the stalls of the market.
 
A low, sing-song, Afro-Caribbean voice broke into their conversation. "That Lothsen has a bad soul that is true, but believe me when I tells you, you do not want to tarnish your soul by doing bad things, even to a bad man."
 
Sylvia and Hector turned. Looking directly at them was a large black man under a bulbous blue and white knitted hat, Sylvia had of course never met Bob Marley, but if someone had told her she was looking at the great man now she would not have questioned it. His skin was black as black could be, the hat on his head was as big as a beehive and presumably full of dreadlocks. In front of him was a table of wooden bead necklaces. He had a small collection of silver jewellery, too. "Would the lady desire a beautiful necklace to match her lovely smile? A nice looking woman such as yourself deserves an excellent new piece of jewellery, don't you think? May I suggest this one? The humpback whale symbolizes family, and luck. This necklace will bring you good luck, I can feel it."
 
Hector finally managed to squeeze in a word, "You can see us?"
 
"Yea man, I sees you. The world is a fascinating place, no? I can see you two are a happy couple, but something is missing yes? Your family, perhaps? You have a look of being incomplete, especially you mam, if I may say so. Trust to me, this whale necklace will bring you good luck with your family."
 
"How can you possibly know that much about us?" asked a flabbergasted Sylvia.
 
"And how is it you can see and talk with us? Ah, I know, you are not a native of this universe either. You are a traveler like us. Is that right?"
 
"So many questions. Here my lady; the whale necklace is for you, no charge, free, gratis, it is my gift to you. We should walk, walk and talk. Walkin' is good, man, it allows the brain to move, you know what I mean?"
 
In one fluid movement the humpback whale necklace was around Sylvia's neck, a man from the sunglasses stall next door was recruited to watch over the jewellery stall, and Hector and Sylvia found themselves gently herded away from the market.
 
Sylvia whispered to Hector, "Do meetings like this happen all the time out here in the multiverse, or did I just get lucky on my first universe?
 
"I've found that expecting the unexpected is a solid approach to travelling in the multiverse. Following this guy may be entertaining, enlightening or somewhere in between. But it certainly won't be boring." Hector whispered back.
 
Sylvia spoke at normal volume now so their guide could hear too. "These 17th-century brick and stone buildings look just as they do in our home. I find that just a little disturbing. When you travel somewhere new and different it should be... well, new and different, not this similar to the place you just left."
 
"How does your mind work, my lady?" asked the man in the Rastafarian headgear.
 
"What? My mind is just fine, thank you. It is just in a very unusual place right now."
 
"Is it now? It looks to me as though your mind is still very much inside your head and sitting on top of your body. How can that be unusual?"
 
While Sylvia pondered that, Hector took a turn at attempting to get a sensible response from the man. "My name is Hector Moncrieff. Glad to meet you. And you are?"
 
The black man held out a large fist for Hector. "Jerome, call me Jerome. And I shall call you Hector the Great for that is what you are and what you shall be." Not quite sure how to respond Hector tapped his fist against Jerome's. "Right on, my good man."
 
"So much for a simple answer to a simple question." Hector whispered to Sylvia when Jerome had turned a corner towards the river slightly ahead of them. "This guy is way, way out in left field. We should lose him. We have a lot to do without wasting time with this loony."
 
"I'll second that. Let me try to get rid of him." Sylvia whispered back.
 
"Mr. Jerome, I am exhausted at the moment. It has been a very stressful time of late. I can tell that you have a lot of wisdom to share with us, but I feel bad that in my current condition I am unable to take best advantage of all you have to offer. Do you mind if we catch up with you later?"
 
"No problem, my lady, I get you, I get you. You requires some space in your mind. An empty mind is the most beautiful thing in the universe - in all the universes. An empty mind is a vessel which the universe can fill with love. I, Jerome will find you when you are ready."
 
With that the big black man was gone.
 
"Where did he go?" asked Hector. "Did he somehow run around that corner without me seeing him, even though I was looking right at him? Or did he travel to another universe? I didn't see him using any sort of DNA modulator.
 
"I don't know," replied Sylvia. "It's like he just vanished. What do you think about him? Were we right to get rid of him like that?"
 
"Who knows? He certainly doesn't fit any of the boxes my mind has been trained to put things into."
 
"True enough! I don't just need a new mental box for that guy, I need an entire new concept of containers," said Sylvia. "Anyway, you were going to tell me about the universe we are in and how and why we want to trap this Lothsen person. I presume this is all aimed at getting our family together again, correct?"
 
"Yes, I have been eluding Lothsen ever since his plans were made clear to me. He thinks I will be able to create a mechanism for the trading of goods between universes. That in itself sounds pretty dangerous. Even worse, Lothsen believes that it is his divine right to control and profit from all such trade. Think of all the power that he would have it he achieves this. I have no idea how, or if, I might be able to help him, but he thinks I can work out the science to move objects from one universe to another. While that would certainly be an interesting challenge to work on, it may not even be possible. If it is possible, I wouldn't want Lothsen controlling the futures of so many people and having that much power."
 
"Sounds reasonable. So if you are hiding from Lothsen, how can Rob and the kids find us here?"
 
"As I said, I have been leaving them clues. My hope is that Rob and the kids will sooner or later start looking for the clues, figure them out and find us here."
 
"OK, but how does trapping Lothsen come into the picture? One of the things I suspected early on, and Jessica, confirmed it, is that Lothsen's scientists have developed a device that can monitor travel between universes. I managed to reconfigure my DNA modulator so that it can't be monitored. That's how I've been able to evade him. However, my bet is that Lothsen will be tracking Rob and the kids. When they come here to this universe, you can be sure Lothsen will be following them. Then we spring the trap."
 
"You seem to have turned into a bit of a secret agent while wandering around without me these past couple of days. A boyhood dream being fulfilled perhaps? How will we trap him?"
 
"That is where you come in, dear."
 
"Me? Am I the trap?"
 
"No, you need to figure out what the trap is. You see, I've been busy re-programming my modulator and hiding from evil people. I don't actually have a plan for the trap just yet. As a woman, I know you won't understand, but I am only really capable of doing one thing at a time."
 
"Ah, so much for your new career as a super spy. James Bond can multitask."
 
"Yes he can," replied Hector, "but James Bond always has a sexy babe to help him out through the tricky bits of the mission. I am still looking for one of those. Then everything will be - ouch." Sylvia's elbow dug into Hectors ribs just a little bit harder than normal. They laughed.
 
"All right," said Sylvia, "What is Lothsen's key weakness? What does he want so badly that we can use it to lure him in?"
 
"Lothsen craves power and money. That's his motivation."
 
"Could you maybe only pretend to help him but actually be working on something else? What are the chances of it even being possible to move stuff between universes? If it is not possible, you could work on it as long as he wants without fear of giving him such a tool."
 
"As far as I know it is not possible for anything but humans to achieve the DNA modulation possible to move between universes. Our DNA frequency is what makes us unique. A bar of gold, for example, just won't be able to make the switch."
 
"But Lothsen doesn't know that, does he?"
 
"No, but I can't be certain of that hypothesis. There have been too many surprises already for me to be sure of much in the multiverse. For example, how did I end up here at all? There is no way the modulator back in the lab was ready to work, but suddenly in the midst of a standard check of the equipment I found myself in a Cambridge containing a giant Mayan temple. And then..."
 
"Wait a minute, a Mayan Cambridge is where Rob and the kids first visited. If there are zillions of universes the chance of you both going to the same one on a random choice is nil, and yet you did."
 
"Well spotted, when I programmed the DNA modulators I had to put in a sequence of universes as defaults. I was about to use a random number generator so that the universes visited would be truly random. I am really, really glad I changed my mind and instead used a very simple formula to create an apparently random, but repeatable series of universes. I used the same formula in both devices, so yes, Rob and the twins have been following through the same universes as I have, and in the same order."
 
"Did I pick a smart man for a husband or what? So if we wait here in this universe the kids will eventually arrive?"
 
"Yes, but eventually might be a very long time, I had to skip forward quite a few universes to evade Lothsen and find this one which has attributes that might be of use to us. The clues I left will, I hope, speed up the otherwise very long process of reuniting the family."
 
"What do you mean about attributes of this universe that might help us? Help us to trap Lothsen?"
 
"Possibly. We need to do more exploring, but I have seen the people here do things that I can only describe as magical. This seems to be a supercharged, mystical universe. A group of people I watched stood in a circle holding hands and chanted around a marble statue. I didn't give it a second glance until the eight-foot-tall statue in the middle of the circle which must have weighed several tons, levitated twenty feet above the ground. I can only guess that the group was able to set up some sort of harmonic frequency modulations with the marble itself. If it is somehow possible to transfer goods from one universe to another, understanding how the people in this universe are able to levitate marble would be a good place to start. There must be some way we can use that to get Kane's attention at least."
 
"I would love exploring and documenting this universe. I could finish my anthropology doctorate degree in no time at all here. If only the twins and Rob were safe and with us." said Sylvia.
 
As she spoke, they rounded a corner and came face to face with a marble statue. "In fact, that's the statue there." said Hector. The statue depicted a humble looking man in flowing robes, with a long wispy beard and big round eyes. Its plaque read: "Jochi Khan – Father of the World."
