"Yuk, get me out of here NOW!" Marnie scrambled and twisted, trying to free herself from the arms, legs and odours of her captors.
 
"Sorry about that dear, just one of the risks of travel, I'm afraid," said Lothsen.
 
Immediately after the kidnapping, Marnie awoke on the floor of the lab in a tangle with the two malodorous thugs of the New East India Trading Company. Lothsen was standing above them. The fragrant bodyguards piled around her had not yet recovered from their inter-universe trip.
 
"This is not a good start," she scowled at Lothsen. "The last thing I remember you saying was that you would take good care of me. Have you sent your goons to take a bath in the last few months?"
 
"They come from a universe that has rather less emphasis on hygiene than you are apparently used to. I shall point them to a shower, but I doubt they will know what to do in it. They are very loyal though. They also seem to like the nice suits I dress them in."
 
The two muscle men were now standing up, but still too groggy to know they were being talked about.
 
"Let's be off then fellows. I've got places to go, people to see and all that." Without glancing back, Lothsen strode out of the lab. Marnie did not initially follow him, but as the two malodorous ones approached her she gave up on this form of subtle protest and headed down the stairs to the streets of Cambridge.
 
"I had forgotten how depressing this universe was," Marnie said to nobody in particular as they were walking the empty streets of the bombed version of Cambridge that Lothsen had selected as a base for his operations. The four of them marched single file towards the headquarters in the main church beside what was the market square. Lothsen was in the lead, one of the thugs walked in front of Marnie, the other behind her. This formation allowed Marnie to have a good look at the smelly thug in front of her. His shaved head was perched on an unfeasibly thick neck and broad back. He was dressed in a well-fitting business suit, blue with pinstripes, similar to the one Lothsen wore but not of the same quality. Marnie thought how impressive it was that such a suit could even be constructed to fit over the massive, muscular body of its inhabitant. The party passed the display window of an old department store. The mannequins modelling swimwear were far past their primes, but there was quite a bit of glass still left in the storefront window. Marnie watched in surprise as her minder turned to the glass and struck several poses, whether he was admiring his physique or the cut of his suit—Marnie couldn't be sure. Either way, this thug who had hardly spoken a word in her presence was clearly proud of his appearance. He turned to see her watching him. Embarrassed, he scowled, grunted and waved his arms at her in a threatening manner.
 
"Get over here you two." Lothsen commanded his men. He led the two just out of earshot from Marnie, but near enough that they could keep an eye on her. "Don't either of you dare forget for one minute what I told you and the others. You will treat Marnie like a queen. The goal is to have her father working with us and if we mistreat her he'll be less willing. I'd love to torture him into developing the new science of inter-universe travel, but even I will admit that the last scientist was not very useful after we cut off his ear.
 
Lothsen walked back to Marnie, "We have a lot to talk about." his words took her mind off the thug and his vanity.
 
"Yes, Mr. What did you say your name was again?" said Marnie. She was rapidly trying to think of ways to keep Kane out of his stride. There was a spy show on TV she had seen once where they taught spies techniques to deal with interrogation. One method was to keep the interrogator out of their normal routines. Pretending she had forgotten the name of an egotistical man like Lothsen seemed like a good start. What were the other tools of the spy trade she might use? Mum had always told her to stop wasting time watching so much TV. If she could use those hours in front of the tube to get her out of this situation, she would make mum apologise for all that moaning about her TV time.
 
"My name, you forgetful little girl, is Kane Lothsen. You would be wise to remember that. Soon my name will be known across the universes. On the other hand, Lothsen the Benefactor' has a nice ring to it too, don't you think?"
"Lothsen the Cute sounds better to me. I couldn't help but notice your hairdo is kind of cute."
 
Marnie hoped she had not gone too far with her anti-interrogation strategy.
 
The site of what should have been the Cambridge Tourist Information office was now a large pile of dirt and rubble. Marnie estimated it at 30 metres long by 20 metres wide. "What happened there?" She asked.
Lothsen replied, "According to the records I found, that is the burial site of at least 300 people. This universe has a fascinating history. I am a student of history, which is how I have managed to rise above my humble beginnings. 
In the big picture, this universe was similar to mine. The economy depended on what I believe you would refer to as slavery. In fact, my first job was as a slave boss. For the first few weeks, my arm would ache every night from whipping those lazy workers into shape, but I loved it."
"How can you claim to want to improve the worlds when you behaved like that?" said Marnie. "That's disgusting."
"The problem with you and most people who don't study like I have is that you only see things through your own little, insignificant viewpoint. Most cultures in history in most universes have one type of man brutalising another type of man. Some call it slavery, others call it an economic system. Either way, the poor work hard, the rich enjoy the good life and those in the middle kick those below them on the ladder."
"I for one am not convinced." said Marnie. "If the slave system is so good, what happened in this universe? It looks to me like it all went wrong."
"It only took a little digging in the last few weeks of newspapers that I could find in the remains of the library to figure that out. An intriguing saga indeed. The slaves were collected from Africa and South Asia then brought to Europe and the Americas. There were hundreds of firms of all sizes involved in this in all parts of the world. The interesting thing in this universe is that the price of slaves sold everywhere was determined by one central system running in London. It had been developed and improved upon over 10 years. It took data inputs from a multitude of sources including economic data, sales forecasts, storms on the oceans, health and epidemics in Africa, crop failures in India, everything. Out of this it created a daily price for the buying and selling of slaves. Any traders not keeping to the price were ostracised."   
"So," said Marnie, "what went wrong?"
"It seems that over the years the algorithms in the system became so complicated that nobody actually knew what they were doing anymore. One year there were a series of fierce sandstorms in the Sahara that ravaged the area for months. Analysts are not sure, but they think that may have been what made the slave pricing system unstable. It was giving out low prices one day, then very high ones the next. Traders started hoarding slaves waiting for a high price day causing all sorts of issues in the supply line - like ships of slaves waiting for weeks offshore until a freak high price was sent from London. Of course by then half the cargo might have died. It was chaos apparently."
"Surely, people could re-program it or just ignore the pricing and use something else?" said Marnie.
"You would think so, and I'm sure they tried everything. It seems the algorithms and programs were too complex. Many attempts to fix them were made." replied Lothsen. "The problem was there were many cartels and factions involved all taking cuts of profits at various stages of the process that anyone setting their own price upset others and soon these firms behaved more like gangs. Even making a change to the algorithm in an attempt to fix it upset one cartel or the other. Battles spread throughout Europe and America. One thing led to another and years after the initial software glitch the civilised world was in a downward spiral. What we see around us is the result."
"Scary," said Marnie looking at the wasteland surrounding them. "This is like one of those 'after the apocalypse' movies. I expect that somewhere in Cambridge is an action hero and a small band of misfits that have somehow survived living in the sewers or something." 
