Jessica never went into the shed space she had given over to Maitland to use. Why would she? She did, however, occasionally notice when Maitland was there. She had never been very close to him as when they were children, but now she cared deeply for her slightly wayward childhood friend. Now and then when she knew he was in she would take out one of her horses just to make the opportunity for a chance encounter. She only wanted to catch up with Maitland and perhaps to lend a hand if she could. Jessica was acutely aware that hers was a privileged life with wealthy parents providing all the comforts and security she would ever need. She also knew that Maitland resented her for that. This all led to a strange guilt, and she wanted to do something to help Maitland without making the situation even worse.
 
Jessica was walking her horse past Maitland's shed when she thought she heard a thump inside. Was something the matter? Should she disturb Maitland's privacy by checking on him? She waited, listening carefully. Maybe she had only heard things that were not there? No, now she distinctly heard Maitland coughing and moaning. He was hurt. Jessica would have to check on him. She left her horse and peered inside the dark shed. Maitland was flat out face down on the floor.
 
Groggy from his first inter-universe return trip Maitland was just coming around from passing out when he felt Jessica lifting his head off the floor and pulling him gently to a sitting position. She sat with him as he regained consciousness. It was the first time they had been this close in years.
 
Maitland opened his eyes, shocked at the sight of Jessica. Ten minutes later he had told her about the box of equipment, his trip to another universe and of Kane Lothsen and his New East India Company that had found him there.
 
Jessica of course did not believe him, but couldn't guess why Maitland would or even could invent such a tale, especially in the instant of recovering consciousness. For the next night and day Jessica could think of nothing but the possibility of other universes, places where anything was possible. If this Kane Lothsen was real, his firm stood against everything Jessica knew was right. Was she just a spoiled rich kid with lofty ideals about solving world poverty, hunger and global warming? Was she a woman of action? Jessica was determined to make the most of her good fortune and be the latter.
 
Having made her decision, Jessica was ruthless in using all her contacts to find the original owner of the Frisbee, tablet and ski pole apparatus which had taken Maitland to the other universe. Before long Jessica had made her first inter-universe jump and kicked off her plans to make the worlds, all of them, a better place without Lothsen in control.
