Cambridge, England - In Maitland and Jessica Smythe's home universe, some months before Hector's first inter-universe travel.
 
Horse's hooves clip clopped on the asphalt and the smell of horse filled the air. Maitland knew this place by its sound and smell alone. If blindfolded for days, driven around the country, then dropped here with a bag over his head and he would instantly know he was in the horse stalls built by Jessica Smythe's father. He hated it here.
 
Everything was wrong for Maitland. The Smythes took what should be a wild animal, the horse, and used it as a plaything and status symbol. At any one time, ten to fifteen horses lived here in pampered luxury. When a horse had a dump on the floor, a man came along to clean it up in minutes. The horse food bills alone were far in excess of Maitland's income and the stalls were of better quality than Maitland's flat.
 
These animal condominiums were a sharp reminder to Maitland of his inadequacy. He had spent much of his childhood until the age of about 12 living on the Smythe estate. His mother worked here as a live-in housekeeper. She and Maitland were given a nice little flat in one of the many outbuildings on the estate. Jessica was an only child and only a few months older than Maitland so as the only two children on the estate it was inevitable they would play together. The relationship between the children was always troublesome though. It was not Jessica's fault, but Maitland always felt like the hired help rather than a friend. Had the Smythe family only purchased a playmate for their lonely daughter?
 
Now that Maitland was older, and his mother had died, Jessica let him use a few of the empty sheds near the stables for his business endeavours. Maitland appreciated and needed the free storage space, but it hurt his pride to still be dependent on Jessica and her family even as an adult.
 
Today Maitland was going through a shipment of goods he had purchased very cheaply and quickly from one of his regular suppliers. To describe Maitland as a fence for stolen goods would be a little harsh. Some of the items he bought and sold were not stolen. However, the urgency of this latest deal suggested that these goods were hot. Jessica did not ask or think to ask what Maitland was storing in their sheds. She did not think Maitland would get involved in something overly dishonest here and took the view that it was best not to know what he was up to.
 
The boxes spread around the dirty floor of the makeshift mini-warehouse appeared to Maitland to have come from a laboratory, perhaps one of the universities or private labs that littered Cambridge. Among the booties were computing devices of all sorts, glass tubes and beakers, and large boxes of electronics. One box in particular caught Maitland's eye because of three distinctive items. He took from it an object which could only be described as an electronic Frisbee, a stick similar to a ski pole and a tablet computer. The items were all of a polished metal like aluminium and were obviously meant to work together, but to what purpose? Curious and wondering how much he might be able to sell them for Maitland turned on the tablet and began to experiment.
 
That was how it had started for Maitland. Kane Lothsen and his men had seen the new inter-universe traveler with their monitors. They pounced on a dumbfounded Maitland who had found himself in an uninhabited Cambridge populated only by wild animals. Lothsen soon realised that Maitland could be an asset, and he hired him as a scout, someone to find universes to exploit.
