The next evening - Maitland's home universe.
 
Holding on to his empty glass Maitland was conscious of the overhead spotlight reflecting off his polyester silk-like suit. That lustre where there should have been the non-reflective, sophisticated tight wool blend was a beacon to all that was wrong in his life. He was wearing someone else's skin.
 
Maitland ordered another Bacardi and Coke. It was the easy thing to do as he sat at his usual stool at the end of the bar. The other regular drinkers of the White Swan were only just starting to take their places on this Friday evening. Some of the other regulars would acknowledge Maitland with a slight nod of the head, but as often as not mere eye contact was the accepted greeting here. It was not that the clients of this establishment were ill mannered or pompous, quite the opposite. As a very local, local pub they all had known each other for so long there was no need or desire for effervescent greetings. As a demonstration of this familiarity, the clientele cheekily referred to it as the Dirty Duck rather than The White Swan. Over the years all traces of formality here had been replaced with an easy, reserved, uniquely English demeanour.
 
Another argument with his girlfriend Mel had brought Maitland to his bar stool earlier than usual today. Tonight there would be a session. He could feel it. He rarely came out with the intention of getting drunk, but sometimes an elongated drinking session would announce itself almost as soon as Maitland perched atop this stool. It was almost as if the four legged seat was in control of Maitland's evening. His drinking buddies had not arrived yet but would be trickling in and out over the next few hours.
 
His drink arrived; he swirled it idly as his eyes wandered with equal idleness about the familiar surroundings. He wondered where pubs like this one buy their carpets. The Duck had a floor covering of brown and orange in a pattern that must have been specially created to look exactly the same whether freshly cleaned or covered in a month's spilled beer and crisps. Then there were the light fittings, they were plastic made to look like brass. They looked to come from a period that would embarrass even your grandmother. Did even their designer like them? Perhaps they were an accident? Someone in China misread the blueprints and manufactured ten million cheap looking light fittings. Realizing his mistake Mr. China-man intended to dump them into the Yangtze River but at the last moment they were saved by a shrewd businessman who sold them to pubs all over the United Kingdom.
 
But light fittings were not his problem. It was always the same argument with Mel. She expected the lifestyle her parents had provided for her, a big house and garden, several exotic holidays a year and certainly never having to worry about being able to afford the best cuts of meat or dinner in a restaurant whenever she felt like it. Maitland could not provide that lifestyle. Mel was right; this was no way to exist, always hand to mouth, never quite enough money and worst of all no prospect of the situation getting any better.
 
He explained again and again to Mel that things had changed now. Even her parents, if they were young now, would not be able to buy the idyllic life of her childhood. The economies of the world had been shot down, probably never to return to the dizzy heights of half a generation ago. The brilliant scientists and medical technicians at the 'Cambridge Medical Research for Life' (C.M.R.L.) had achieved their dual goals of ending both cancer and heart disease but in so doing had defecated on the economy as a pigeon would after a spaghetti banquet. Old people just didn't die anymore. That meant they had to keep working, as no pension plan would cover to an average life expectancy of 122. Because older people kept working, there were few jobs for Maitland's generation. It would all work out better eventually they said. In another 50 years or so the systems would adjust, little good that would do Maitland, his drinking buddies or his relationship with Mel. Why did those Cambridge University medical scientists have to be so damn smart? And why in his generation?
 
Glancing around the Dirty Duck Maitland wondered... instead of curing cancer, if the academics had focused their big brains on something like the human ecosystem inside the Dirty Duck how different his life would have been. It would make a cracking Ph.D. dissertation; the unspoken social order of this place could be pontificated over ad infinitum, or as Sally behind the bar would say 'till the eeeffffiiin cows come home'. Already this evening there are distinct groups of friends huddled together. Each group interacts with other groups only in relation to mutually agreed but unspoken events such as an England football match, or a spectacular gaffe from a politician. The avenues for academic study of the Dirty Duck are endless. The result would have been old people still dying on schedule and jobs for Maitland and his contemporaries.
 
Owing to the newfound longevity of their parents' generation Maitland and many others like him in Cambridge and around the world had to develop strategies to cope with perpetual unemployment. Maitland and his friends were not lazy or stupid. There were just very few jobs. Many turned to theft or embezzlement for cash; others chose drugs to hide from their problems. Maitland and his small gang of mates stuck to predominantly fairly legal activities in an attempt to make ends meet. They were businessmen without businesses. If you wanted something, anything and could pay for it, Maitland would know somebody that could get it for you. It might be a used car at a bargain price from a less than reputable source, or a new computer that fell off the back of a lorry. If there was a quick buck or quid to be made, Maitland and his friends would make it happen.
 
Maitland reached the bottom of another Bacardi and Coke. Wishing for more ice to slosh around in his mouth, he considered where he had been and the things he had seen over the past few days. This bar stool where he had perched as often as not of an evening for the past 10 years was opposite in every way to traversing in parallel universes. And what of Kane Lothsen and his New East India Trading Company?
 
Had Maitland found a way out of poverty, despair and his polyester suit? Could he attain the lifestyle he and Mel deserved? Like a bloodhound after a hare, he smelled an opportunity. There was a fortune to be made in the new universes he had stumbled on. Kane Lothsen was going about it all wrong though. Lothsen's New East India Trading Company wanted to tax goods being traded across universes, but that was reliant upon a yet to be discovered technology. Hell, it might not even be possible to transfer goods from one universe to another. Maitland was smarter than that. He had learned the hard way from years of making a pound or two where none existed. His experience of shady deals with dodgy characters in back alleys had taught him the surest way to make a profit was to exploit good old fashioned human greed. Don't rely on technology when human nature is so much more reliable. Maitland and his buddies had done it so many times before. Find your mark, determine what he wants, and then figure out how to extract money from him. Actual delivery of any good or service was rarely the key if you played your cards right. Lothsen was the mark, but how to play him?
 
In the middle of that thought, Paul and Mark strode into the pub dressed smartly in shiny, polyester, silk-effect business suits like Maitland's. The difference was that Paul and Mark were wearing their own skins, the right suits. These three had known each other as long for as they could remember. They were not the best of friends; the personalities were very different, but like a pair of shoes that just wouldn't wear out Paul, Sam and Maitland were always around each other. They lived on the same street and had grown through their teenage years together. They knew each other better than the backs of their own hands. The three made a formidable alliance when it came to wheeling and dealing. They could sell snake oil to a cobra or slime to a politician. Together the three of them would be able to turn a profit from Kane Lothsen and his greedy inter-universe ambitions. Lothsen would be his way out, his way out of this shiny suit.
 
"My round" Maitland barked to Sally behind the bar as Paul and Mark came towards him. It was going to be a session tonight, perhaps one that would change everything.
