Once on the streets of Cambridge in another universe Rob and Matt realised it was not only the weather that was grey in this universe. The people here wore grey clothes; the brick buildings were a uniform earth tone, the architects had made no effort to mix colours. Doors and painted wood were mostly a dull shade of brown. "If dad is here in this universe he will be easy to find. He was wearing his favourite Hawaiian shirt, one of the ones that Marnie finds so embarrassing." Matt winced when mentioning Marnie; he couldn't stand her most of the time in normal life, but that didn't mean he wanted his twin sister to be kidnapped.
 
Rob and Matt headed instinctively towards the market square which was becoming a spiritual home for them in the city, a reference point to measure universes.
 
"What's worrying you, Uncle?" Matt asked. "You look concerned about something. What is going through that brain of yours?"
 
"It's this universe. It reminds me of somewhere. I just can't remember where, but it was somewhere not particularly happy."
 
"Do you remember how old you were, or who you were with?"
 
"Ah, that's it. When Sylvia and I were in school, about 1983 or so, we went to Berlin. At the time, it was divided into the communist East Berlin and the democratic West. Communism was failing as a viable economic system. At the time, nobody knew if or how it would come to an end. Berlin was unique in that half of the city was democratic, yet it was deep within Communist East Germany. I remember how shocked I was at the contrast between East and West. It wasn't the architecture; it was the people. They were sad in the East. It was as if all hope had been drained from them."
 
"Yes, I sort of knew about that. How does that relate to this universe?"
 
"This universe feels like East Berlin. By comparison, our home universe seems like West Berlin. What I mean is that the communist side of the wall was grey and dreary, and like here even the people appeared drab."
 
"So you think this is a communist universe?"
 
"I don't know," said Rob "but I suspect some oppressive regime is at work here. Keep your wits about you. When people are oppressed, they often behave in unpredictable ways."
 
"But nobody here can see us, what do we have to worry about?"
 
"I don't know, just stay alert; something doesn't feel right."
 
With unease, we entered the market square.
 
"Well Matt, would you look at that. Perhaps I was wrong to worry," said Rob. "Look at all the stalls. From here, I can see five different types of food, hats, paintings and photography, pottery, and a stall selling skirts and dresses. It certainly doesn't look like the people of this Cambridge are oppressed, at least not the shoppers. Look at those students meditating; just behind them an Elvis impersonator is belting out Blue Suede Shoes."
 
"True," Matt said, "but it still looks pretty dull somehow."
 
Their eyes were drawn to a spattering of colour in the distance. In the midst of an angry sea of people dressed mostly in grey, a brightly dressed little man stood on a box shouting at the boisterous crowd through a homemade, cardboard megaphone. He looked like an escapee from a bad taste convention in his lime green sports jacket & trousers complimented with a  white shirt, purple tie and yellow shoes.
 
"That looks interesting, let's go listen to what the green man is saying," said Rob, and they set off towards the frenzy.
 
Matt couldn't help noticing that the market stalls held a great variety of items, many even more eccentric than in their home universe. "Look at the hat stall," Matt said to his uncle. "They have more styles of hats than I have ever seen in one place, but they're all grey. What do you suppose is going on? Would someone have banned the use of colour? If Marnie were here, she would call this a bizarre bazaar. I hope she is OK. She can be a pain sometimes, but things are a bit dull without her around—get it? Dull, grey?"
 
"Got it, but its not your best joke," said Rob. "Perhaps colourings and dyes are very expensive here for some reason," Rob speculated as we approached the man in the green suit and his crowd. He had now been joined by two other colourful people: a woman in red to his left and a blond man mostly wearing orange on his right.
 
The crowd had morphed into an angry mob with much shouting and jostling. Matt and Rob were still too distant to make out the words. "Do you think it might be the coloured clothes that are making these grey people so emotional?
 
"It's like a football stadium when the cross-town rivals are playing a grudge match and three supporters of the green team dive into the middle of the grey team's stand and start telling them how bad the greys are at football."
 
They approached the back of the mob and could now make out some of what was being said by the colourful speaker over the din of the crowd. He was yelling: "Stop the persecution of the colour viewers, we are no different from the rest of you. We are not evil; we are not to be feared..."
 
Members of the mob were chanting back "Evil, evil, evil...."
 
"Well man, this is a strange place for Matt and Rob is it not, man?" said a deep voice behind them.
 
Matt nearly jumped out of his skin. "We thought we were invisible to the people here!" Spinning around they faced a tall black man wearing a green and red woolly hat the size of a basketball.
 
"What goes, man?" he said, offering a large fist which Matt instinctively touched with his smaller fist as if shaking hands with an old friend. He was one of those people that instantly put you at ease. Matt struggled to remember where he had seen this man before.
 
"Who are you?" asked Rob.
 
Then Matt remembered. "You are the hat salesman from the Tesla universe with the flying cars."
 
"Thass right man!" replied the big man. "They calls me Jerome and I is glad to see you again. You enjoy your new adventure?"
 
"What on earth are you doing here?" Matt asked Jerome. "Are you a traveller like us?"
 
"I sure is. Yous two and I share a common destiny I thinks, one of adventure and learnings."
 
"What?" said a perplexed Rob, who kept one eye on the crowd that was now turning nasty towards the speaker, and his other eye on their new friend. "What are those people so angry about?
 
"You like fruit smoothies?" asked Jerome. "Come away from those irate people, I has a nice little stall in the market. You like banana or strawberry or maybe coconut? I thinks coconut for Rob and ... banana for Matt. Am I right?"
 
Matt and Rob nodded sheepishly; a banana smoothie sounded perfect to Matt and Rob was a great fan of anything coconut flavoured. How could this Jerome person have known? Matt's suspicions grew. It seemed there was always something going on he did not understand.
 
A few minutes later they were in Jerome's stall. On the outside, it looked like most of the other stalls in the market. To the left of the stall a nice young girl was selling old fashioned wooden children's toys - unpainted. To the right, sat an excellent selection of coffee beans and loose-leaf teas. From the front of Jerome's stall one could select a variety of tropical fruits that Jerome or his assistant would blend into a smooth milk shake drink. Tucked in the back of the tiny stall, a bead curtain hung down hiding what one assumed would be a pile of empty fruit boxes and a few tools of the trade. Jerome motioned for them to step behind the beads into his inner sanctum for a drink. Surely it would be too cramped for them all to enter, like three people standing inside a red phone box - and Jerome was a big man. However, upon entering they found themselves in a den, not huge, but with plenty of room for a couple of bean bag chairs, a low stool and a coffee table littered with bric-a-brac.
 
"Where does all this space come from?" Matt asked Jerome. "Have you taken over the storage areas from the stalls beside and behind yours? Are the other stall holders left with nowhere to store their stuff?"
 
"Space? Like everything, space is a relative concept," replied Jerome.
 
Matt slurped his scrumptious banana concoction on the stool while Jerome explained how in this universe a gene mutation in one man around 10,000 b.c. led to widespread colour-blindness. As a result of the mutation, about 95% of the people in England (in this universe)  didn't see colours.
 
"I'm sure I read somewhere that blue eyes are a genetic defect. Not sure if that is true, but it makes you think..." said Rob to nobody in particular.
 
"This coconut is delicious," said Rob. "So, Jerome, if it is just about simple colour-blindness why are those people so angry at the ones in the bright clothes? Or were they mad about something else?"
 
Jerome sat back sipping what he called his "fruit special." He would not tell them what was in it and wouldn't let them taste it. He certainly seemed to be enjoying though. "Fear of the unknown," he said, as he leaned back for another sip his eyes glazing over slightly as he drank.
 
Rob and Matt waited for some embellishment, but it seemed none was forthcoming. Finally, Rob spoke, "Those who can't see colours are afraid the ones that can see colours are tricking them or something? Is that it? Come to think of it, how do the colour-blind ones even know the others are wearing bright clothes if they are colour-blind?"
 
Jerome answered, "I has seen this kind of thing over and over. So have you if you thinks about it. More than likely someone with the ability was showing off, maybe performing something that looked like magic, but was just seeing differently than most of the audience. Those who couldn't see got scared. Tell me what you know of those Salem witch trials, or the American McCarthy era of the 1940s and 50s in your universe."
 
"What! I've had enough of this!" Rob exclaimed. He attempted to emphasise the statement by standing up from his bean bag chair. Now it was Matt's turn to laugh at Rob as he spilled the remains of his coconut smoothie down the front of his shirt. "It's time we left, Matt. There is no sign of Hector in this universe so we should move on. I can't imagine how talking about witches or suspected communists will be of any benefit in finding the rest of our family in these mad universes. What does it matter if people are colour-blind? How will it help us? Let's go!"
 
Jerome's face was a picture. Rob continued the attempted ejection from the bean bag chair, which had now somehow got under both of his feet and was in the process of sucking him back down into a deep abyss of Styrofoam pellets. Jerome simultaneously showed disappointment at Rob and Matt's leaving while trying to hold back a belly laugh.
 
"Always in a hurry, but never knowing where you are going. I remember being that way in my younger days. God be with you and good luck finding your family." Jerome held out his fist horizontally in front of him as the British would hold out a hand for a handshake. Rob almost fell into the fist as he eventually escaped the bean bag chair, but he managed to raise his fist just in time to tap Jerome's and save at least some embarrassment.
 
Popping up from the stool Matt looked at Jerome, "Is the fear of witches, communists and those that can see colours all the same thing?" he asked while following Rob through the bead curtain.
 
Jerome smiled and winked at Matt. "Catch ya later man."
