"I've got it!" declared Sylvia. She and Hector had found a refuge of sorts in a vacant narrow boat docked up along the river Cam in Midsummer Common. They needed a place with a home-like feel. A place where they could forget about the abnormality of being invisible and in a universe that was more foreign than any of the multitudes of countries they had visited in their younger days. The boat was a bit funky. Its owners must have been this universe's equivalent of hippies as it was homely but messy. It had curtains they could close, a small bed, a cooker and all the simple comforts Hector and Sylvia desired. But it still felt empty without Marnie and Matt.
 
"Great!" replied Hector, "What have you got and is 'it' contagious?"
 
"No stupid, it's a plan to trap Lothsen. Come over here."
 
Hector had been tinkering with the cooker in the little old boat, more out of curiosity than anything else. It seemed to be pretty much like a cooker back home would have been in terms of fuel, pipes, and ignition. "Coming," he shouted starting towards Sylvia who was in the sun up on the front deck of the craft.
 
As soon as Hector arrived at the front of the boat Sylvia hit him with questions: "What happens if you were to lose your DNA modulator thing while we are here in this universe?"
 
"We would be well and truly stuck here unless we happened to come across another inter-universe traveller who would zap us out of here."
 
"That's what I thought. And how does one traveller take another with them, like you did when you brought me here? Are there rules or tricks about that?"
 
"Nothing tricky," said Hector. "A mobile DNA modulator scans on humans touching it and anybody they are in physical contact with."
 
"That is kind of what I thought. Here is my plan for Lothsen. First, we hope he follows Rob and the kids to this universe. When here, we separate him from his modulator then you take him to another universe using your modulator with the stealth modification. Lothsen's gang won't be able to track you and won't know which of the millions of universes to look in. You leave him there without a modulator and return to me and our family. We live happily ever after, and Lothsen is safely out of the way where he can't bother us."
 
"It might work, but wouldn't it be easier to just thump Lothsen over the head with a brick? On the other hand, I don't want to be known throughout history as the first inter-universe murderer so we should probably go with your plan. How would you suggest we get the modulator off him?" Hector asked his wife.
 
"Obviously he won't be keen to let the modulator out of his hands. You could convince him that with the aid of heat and steam you had managed to transport something to another universe. To see a demonstration he would have to go with you into a steam room or sauna. These modulators are electronic so he would have to leave his outside. I then steal it."
 
"It's just about wacky enough to work," said Hector. "The whole design has a delicious similarity to pirates leaving someone marooned on a deserted island to die. Just as in the days of the real East India Trading Company. It sounds mean, but it is for the good of millions of people."
