If only my girlfriends from school could see what I can see now, Marnie thought. What a day they would make of it. The Cambridge market square of the universe she had just been transported to was a 15-year-old girl's dream come true. The clothes! Styles, colours, fabrics she had not imagined, all spread out before her like sweets in a candy shop. At first she tried to play it cool not wanting to give Kane Lothsen the benefit of seeing her happy and excited. But she quickly succumbed to the power of retail, with an ear to ear grin and a sparkle in her eye impossible to conceal. "Amazing, look at that dress, parts of it seem to float on their own. How does it do that? The effect is amazing. And that hat just in the next stall, it somehow blends in with the hair of the woman trying it on, how..." She checked herself. She had been kidnapped and separated from her family by a megalomaniac. She might be living a dream as far as shopping was concerned, but she had to keep her wits about her, get control of the situation. "Shoes!" All self-control was lost; she was off.
 
Lothsen caught up with her. He had left his thugs in the other universe. Where could Marnie run to without a DNA modulator? Not having experience with teenage girls, he realised that he might have underestimated the job of monitoring one through this maze of clothing and goods. "One of my researchers discovered this universe just yesterday," Kane said to Marnie. "From reading his report I thought you might like to do some research here yourself. You can have anything you want from here. You just have to buy it and get home with it."
 
Marnie's brain activity split in two, right down the middle. The left brain was deciding if the purple velvet high-heels were better than the red high-tops, and which would go nicer with those skinny jeans she had seen earlier. Her right brain deftly dealt with Lothsen. "You want me to become visible to these people, you want to see how I do that? Then you want me to just take these purple shoes (she had decided on them half way through the last sentence) back to your universe? The ability to do those things will give you the tools you need to establish your little firm as the top trader between the universes. Is that what you consider a good deal? I get one pair of shoes albeit very nice shoes, and you gain the ability to build a fortune bigger than Bill Gates ever dreamed of."
 
"You got me. My evil plans are too transparent. How about two pairs of shoes and a dress or jeans? Would that swing the deal?" Kane laughed at his own joke. Tell me this. If it were not shoes, but medicines in this stall, and your brother Matt was in pain and dying would that change anything? If all you had to do was purchase a bottle of pills from the table in front of you and take it back to him what would you do?"
 
After a pause Marnie responded, "You are not to be trusted; no one person should have the amount of power you crave."
 
"You have been listening to that Jessica woman from Trade Free too much. Do you know how big her 'organisation' is? Did she lead you to believe there are hundreds of Jessica's out there all doing good deeds wherever they go? She is a loner. There is one only member of her group. People want progress; trade is inevitable. As soon as someone has the technology to make it happen, there will be an explosion of trade across the universes. You can't stop it, nor should you want to. Take another look at those shoes. Should you be denied them any more than a pair of Converse that were made in America or China of your universe?"
 
"I don't know about all that," admitted Marnie, attempting to cover the seeds of doubt Lothsen had just planted in her mind. "What I do know is that my mum always told me 'the end does not justify the means' and your way of getting what you want is just wrong. Keep the shoes, I don't want them anymore, not at your price!"
 
"So this is personal. You don't like me as a person; my mother didn't raise me to the same set of standards as yours. We are at a crossroads in the history of mankind. You and your family have one in ten billion opportunity here. I can't understand why you are not grasping it with both hands."
 
Lothsen paused for thought or maybe just for effect before continuing. "I'll make you a deal, a show of good faith. You are free to go. I will not hold you against your will. But before we part company, please do one little thing for me. Show me how you make yourself visible to people of universes other than your own. I have been told of your ability but have not witnessed it. Sometimes I have doubts. My scientists have not made much progress towards communication or transport between universes so I would love to see you do it. Just have a little conversation with that chap there selling flowers. I'll just watch."
 
Marnie's internal turmoil was going full tilt. Was Kane Lothsen such a bad guy? Could she go back to her family? "All right, I guess it won't do any harm to show you. I am only doing this because I can't see how you lying about letting me go is in your interests. You do need my family working with you. I don't see that happening, but pissing me off will make it even less likely. So, here goes."
 
She approached the flower stall. The wooden table was covered with all the colours nature had to offer. Somewhere in the history of this universe, design and art had taken a higher place than in Marnie's home because the flower arrangements were better than anything she had seen before. She focused on a simple collection of flowers whose combined colours, shapes and texture she found particularly beautiful. She didn't recognise the types of flowers in the bouquet but somehow they made her think of home, somewhere safe where she could appreciate beauty without any external stresses.
 
Nothing happened. Marnie looked at the young woman behind the flower table. "Hello, I love your flowers, especially this collection. What sort are they?" But the saleswoman looked right through her.
 
"I am trying my best." Marnie turned to Lothsen. "I have only made myself visible a couple of times and I have no idea how it works." She tried again and again with shoes, sausage rolls, and a fabulous waistcoat, but with no success.
 
Lothsen was not at all upset by Marnie's failures. "I suspected this would be the result. The power of one person is small compared to the power of many. When you became visible before Rob and Matt were with you, correct?"
 
"Yes"
 
"Let me try with you. Do you just concentrate on an object and then people can see you? Is that how it worked before?"
 
"OK, see those light blue wool jumpers over there? Those would look great on your thugs."
 
"That did not work either," said Lothsen after several tries concentrating with Marnie on various objects around the market. "Time to head back. Then I'll set you free, but where will you go and how will you get there?"
