In another universe, Marnie sat cross-legged on an executive boardroom table. Her words echoed slightly in the shell of Great St. Mary's Church, the headquarters of the New East India Company. She was holding court to three of Lothsen's thugs, who gazed at her with rapt attention.
 
"Honestly, just a little moisturiser every day on your face will smooth out those wrinkles that are starting to form around your eyes." Two of the thugs were now completely focused on spotting tell-tale signs of aging on their now concerned colleague.
 
"You," said Marnie, pointing at the second of the thugs, "never, ever, ever wear white socks with a dark suit again."
 
The 6-foot-4-inch, barrel chested, muscle-bound lump of a man looked sheepishly at his ankles. "But,..."
 
"No!" said Marnie. "There is no excuse for white socks with a dark suit, just change them for black socks tomorrow. End of subject. Now, let me look at the rest of you. The problem is that you are all so big and strong. The pinstripe business suit was simply not designed for men of your physique. Let me make a suggestion. Either get yourselves to a quality bespoke tailor who can cut the line of your suit to fit over your muscles, or ... let me think... I've got it: Merino wool jumpers instead of those suit jackets! Many athletes in my universe wear this Merino because it contains lanolin and has excellent wicking properties."
 
The thugs stared at her, dumbfounded.
 
"You won't smell as bad," Marnie added by way of explanation.
 
"What do ya mean, we smell bad?" said the ugliest of the thugs. He did not sound angry or insulted, merely curious.
 
"I don't know about your universe, but where I come from the smell of sweat, especially not fresh sweat, is not considered a good thing," replied Marnie choosing her words carefully.
 
The burly men nodded.
 
At that moment, Kane Lothsen appeared in the room. "I see your guards have been beguiled by your charm, wit, and beauty," he said to Marnie.
 
"Just helping them out a little. Do you think we could do a little clothes shopping, the guys and me that is? You don't need to come. I'm sure you are too busy taking over the world or something. Oops, that should have been 'worlds' with an 's', one world isn't enough for you is it?"
 
Ever since her capture Marnie had been working hard at acting tough with Lothsen, never showing weakness. Now she was inwardly just a little worried at how easily this came to her.
 
"You want to go shopping, very amusing. I brought you here for two reasons. Do you know what they are?"
 
Marnie cut in, "My dad will come and rescue me; you'll see."
 
"That is the first reason. I've tired of chasing Hector. Now he will come to me. The second reason is to go shopping, and I know just the universe, you will love it.
