Marnie's Diary, Day 1 in captivity held by the New East India Company

Dear Diary,
I hate it here, hate it, hate it, and hate it!!!!
 
Being a 15 year old girl, I find constant communication as essential to life as breathing. I can't text, can't Facebook, twitter, email, or even make a phone call. The only person here capable of stringing together more than a few grunts let alone words is that nasty piece of work Lothsen.
 
I miss my mum.
 
After only two hours alone in this communication desert I have taken to using a pencil and paper to write a diary. Robinson Crusoe wrote a diary. It was painfully boring to read (English Lit. at school), but now I know why he wrote it; He couldn’t text. So, here it comes, my diary. Should these words ever become forced reading to school kids in the future I am very, very sorry.
Name: Marnie Moncrieff
 
Current Date: not sure.
 
Location: St. Mary's church in the Cambridge of the horrid, bombed universe which is used as the headquarters of the 'New East India Company.' Note to readers: If anybody finds this diary and is reading it, I will assume the whole multi-universe and DNA modulation thing is now common knowledge, so I won't bother trying to explain it all.
 
I am imprisoned in a tiny room. This was probably a closet or broom cupboard in better days. Earlier today a monster of a man by the name of Kane Lothsen and three of his bodyguards took me from my brother and uncle in our home universe to this one. I was escorted to this church. Lothsen has turned out to be a total lowlife stink bag. Today he promised to release me back to my family then didn't. I now see him for what he is. Completely self-centred and ruthless.
 
It seems that I am now the latest recruit to Lothsen’s New East India Company. From what I have seen I doubt that I am the only one in this so called company being held against their will. Lothsen took me to a fabulous universe with amazing shopping, hoping I could make myself visible to the people there - which I couldn't. He then brought me back here to the universe of his company H.Q. Outside the crack in the wall of my cell I see mostly dust. No people, no plants, no stalls in the market square, only rubble and dust. Even the sun seems bored with this universe. It is up there in the sky, but it can hardly be bothered to shine down on this dump.
 
My captor Lothsen started being all charming, but that didn't last and only showed him to be a pathological liar later when he confined me here. One minute he harps on about organising trade between the universes so that millions of people will have better lives and he sounds almost, kind of, good. Then he ruins it by trapping me here. Will I ever see my family again? I told him that Dad would come and rescue me. He just laughed an evil laugh and said that was the whole point. I am the bait for capturing my Dad. Dad is a really intelligent scientist and Lothsen thinks dad will help him with the technology needed for his evil plan. That just makes me feel worse about my predicament. I miss Dad too.
 
I am being forced into labour here for the New East India Company. How ironic is that? Back home I couldn’t even get a job pushing tourists along the river in a punt and now I am the new staff training officer for a firm which someday may literally own not just the world, but zillions of universes. I guess it is better than a salt mine, child factory labour, or diamond mining. Lothsen said I was a natural trainer after watching me telling all his goons how to dress more appropriately. Really, anybody with even the least bit of fashion sense could have done that, but they were lapping it up and Lothsen liked that they listened to me. A few hours later they had all traded their stupid looking business suits for black turtleneck jumpers and khaki cargo trousers. They look pretty smart now if I do say so myself. My squad of goons consists of about 30 men I think. I have never seen them all at once so I am not sure how many of them there really are.
 
I am even missing my snotty brother Matt. I have never been this alone and cut off from everybody in my life. I take back all the bad things I said about you and your dull diary Mr. Robinson Crusoe. You lived alone for years and years. I have now managed 3 hours and am going mad. I can't believe I just wrote that I miss Matt. Surely that is a sign of impending insanity.
 
I could distract myself with my work. Lothsen gave me 3 big books he stole from the remains of the Cambridge city library in this universe. Two are history books, with a few pictures! The third is a dissertation by some local academic entitled 'Empire building: A guide: How the East India Company altered Britain, the global economy and devoured emerging countries.' I am looking forward to spending many happy hours with that book to keep me occupied - NOT. I think I'll try to sleep.
