Marnie's Diary, Day 2 in captivity:
 
I am really tired. This morning I started the New East India Company boot camp. They only made me do the morning session. I think they actually felt sorry for me. I wasn't the only girl, but must have been the only person who had not been doing 50 push-ups and running 5 miles every day back in normal life. I so am unfit. The universes that the other enlisted people came from must be very physical.
 
We have Evans, a sergeant major type who yelled at us a lot. I think he yells so much at people because he is so short. He's like one of those little yappy dogs that bark all the time because of a dog inferiority complex. Evans is short, has black hair and is very muscular. There are 8 recruits including me in this group or 'cell' as Evans calls us. I didn't get much time to talk with the others mainly because I couldn't spare the oxygen to make conversation. I did gather that the other 7 came from at least two different universes. I would guess those universes were in the middle of long wars or something because my fellow trainees were very adept at the Kung Foo stuff we were learning. While they were doing Kung Foo or something, I was flinging my arms and legs around but would not have made much of an impression on a feather pillow had I managed to make contact with one. I had the impression some of my cell members were actually here by choice, unlike me.
 
Where is my family now? I hope they come for me soon. Will Lothsen trap them if they do come for me? Maybe I can escape somehow?
 
By lunch, Evans must have decided I was always going to be a terrible soldier for the company. I was taken away from the others to continue my education about the old East India Trading Company. I am to prepare a 3 hour induction lesson for new recruits. I didn't see Lothsen today. In fact, I haven't seen anybody since noon. I really need to talk to someone, anyone. This solitary confinement is torture. We do seem to be allowed to wander around a little and I am not locked in my cell, but there is nowhere to go and nobody around this afternoon anyway. I don't know where the other new recruits have gone, probably off to some Kung Foo universe for more practice I guess.
 
Lothsen left a note. It said I will teach my first class tomorrow at 14:00 hours and he would be attending to 'ensure quality standards were met.' What a load of cobblers! He also left a course outline and lots of items I was to be sure to include. Honestly, he should just do this himself.
 
I read as much of the textbooks and that stupid dissertation about Empire Building as I could stomach. That original East India Company sounds pretty ruthless. I thought the big nasty corporations of my time and universe were bad, but this British East India Company managed to obtain monopoly status from the British government which they used to deal in Indian textiles (fine), opium (not so good), and slaves (v. bad). The sections of the book highlighted by Lothsen were mostly about how they pretty much took control of any small country which had something of value they could sell. If and when I get home I'll read our history books and see if our East India Company was so bad. I can't believe I just wrote that, actually wanting to read a history book! That will be the second indicator of my looming insanity.
 
The East India Company managed to tax people in other countries and if they were the only ones buying something like cloth, they would drive the buying price so low that local producers could barely survive. They would burn factories that provided goods to other traders and cut off the fingers of weavers that sold cloth to anyone else!
 
Lothsen must not attain anything like the kind of power and control his namesake company had. And yet, I am meant to be training the soldiers in the 'grand history' - as Lothsen writes, of the East India Company. What am I going to do?
 
I am lonely. Surely dad will come rescue me tomorrow. Good night diary.
