Maitland sat up slowly, groggily, head full of cobwebs yet again. The jet lag of inter-universe travel was not getting any easier despite now being well practiced having scouted over 20 universes so far in his job for Kane Lothsen. Maitland remembered reading somewhere back in his home universe that even though 100 people a year were now climbing to the top of Mt. Everest, altitude sickness was still just as much a problem and as potentially lethal as it was when only one or two people managed the climb. He felt that the inter-universe travel sickness should get better with practice, but it didn't.
 
Staggering to his feet in the graveyard surrounding Great St. Mary's church, he slowly gathered his wits enough to take in the surroundings. This place in the graveyard had become his favoured spot for travelling. He had tried others around the city, but this place was consistently a graveyard in every universe he had visited. Most everything else could be different, the architecture, the people, the climate but for some reason all universes chose this spot to bury their dead. Despite being in the centre of the city, the graveyard offered a place in which he could come to his senses slowly without an abrupt shock before he was ready for one. Another advantage was that it was adjacent to the market square which Maitland had found to be an excellent barometer of universes.
 
What he saw now was not a surprise. If he had to predict what a new Cambridge would look like it would be this, dilapidated. This Cambridge had seen better days in the past and was unlikely to see them again in the foreseeable future. Did all the universes share a common life-cycle, Maitland wondered. Was there a fixed number of years during which mankind would flourish, followed by an inevitable decline? Obviously there would be exceptions to this rule, universes with inexhaustible energy or wealth, but they were just that, exceptions.
 
"Yo, yous looks like you could do with a banana smoothie man."
 
The words immediately shook Maitland from his contemplative mood into defensive mode. He had not yet been to a universe in which he had been visible to the locals, much less a universe with his favourite fruit offered up as a smoothie on arrival. Leaning against the iron railing surrounding the cemetery were a couple dressed in hippie garb, Maitland estimated them to be in their mid to late 20's and unaware that tie-die was well out of fashion in pretty much every universe anywhere. They were looking in his direction, but after watching them for a moment it became clear that they were looking through him more than at him. No, they were not talking to him. Next to them, just on the other side of the fence, a middle aged woman sat astride a collapsible camping stool. She brandished a large sketch pad and bits of charcoal and pencils. Her face appeared to be too big for her body with a nose that protruded beyond where it should. Her ears were big enough to put many elephants to shame. On an easel beside her, she advertised her trade drawing caricatures.
 
Maitland moved his gaze further on, still searching for the one who could see him and offer banana drinks. A tall man with skin the colour of strong black coffee was next along the line of the iron fence. He appeared to be admiring the tired architecture of the church. His blue and yellow crocheted woollen hat was large enough to hide a small bee hive within.
 
"Fruits is the best thing for a body that is a travellin much," said the man under the hat, now studying the broken stained glass window of the church.
 
"Can you see me, and hear me?" asked the slightly stunned Maitland.
 
The black man looked Maitland in the eye, "O course man, Jerome sees most everythin. Hows about that smoothie? I know a place in the market there that knows when a banana is ripe and when it ain't yet. Such knowledge is rare and shows great understandin bout the nature of things in this universe or any other. I thinks you can appreciate that can you man. Timing, ... timing is most underrated among those who want to be rich and powerful. Sometimes the banana just ain't ready and one should just wait for another day."
 
Before Maitland knew what was happening, he found himself following the large hat and man through the streets of Cambridge. The irony was not wasted on Maitland. Rather than searching for unlimited wealth and power for the New East India Company he was now in search of a perfectly ripe banana.
 
Around him, this Cambridge was tired and dirty. Few people were on the streets. "What happened to this universe? Why is everything so run down? Was there a war or something?"
 
"I tells you what happened here," said Jerome, "pure democracy happened here and the peoples weren't grown up enough for it yet, thas what happened here, cryin shame too."
 
"What on earth are you talking about? The buildings don't look like they have had a paint job for 20 years, the shops and market stalls seem to be barely functional. Most of the people look like tramps and there is rubbish everywhere. I'd say there was some sort of economic collapse here. How could democracy cause this?" Maitland asked Jerome.
 
"You ever heard of William John Clancy, he gained 3 doctorate degrees in political science right here at the University of Cambridge?"
 
"No, sounds like he and I would have been unlikely to meet socially or at the office. Why should I have heard of him?"
 
"In this universe, about 20 years ago, Mr. Clancy managed to persuade the prime minister at the time to use the new internet that was just being developed to improve democracy in this country. They gave everybody in the country direct access to making laws, deciding government policy, controlling taxes and budgets, everything. All by voting and writin words on the internet."
 
"So, sounds like a good idea to me, get those greedy, power hungry politicians out of the system."
 
Jerome continued, "It might have worked here, in some universes it has, but in this particular universe the political experiment coincided with an immensely popular online virtual life game, called 'Your Life.' That has also happened in many universes and is mostly harmless as people soon get bored with such games. But here 'Your Life' and pure democracy were blended together. Laws were made in the game that applied in the real world. Soon the game was used to define reality. The problems started when it came to taxes and budgets. Individuals who spend most of their days glued to PC screens don't turn out to be the most public spirited types.
 
The two of them had collected banana smoothies from one of the few active stalls in the market then made their way across this woebegone instance of Cambridge to the Eagle Pub. Maitland still didn't know what to think about Jerome but the big man in the tall hat had been right about the smoothie. Each sip tasted just right, Maitland felt the energy from the fruit filling him as he emptied the glass.
 
Maitland watched two young boys and a girl act out a life sized life or death game of chess. The main hero was the boy named Jake whose actions were controlled by the 40 or so year old man cocooned in a virtual reality game playing console in front of Maitland and Jerome.
 
The Eagle was full of people, but all were half lying, half sitting in specially designed game playing cushioned seats fully absorbed in the computer screens set in front of each of them. No one spoke apart from mutterings to themselves and the occasional cry of success or failure as a significant moment was reached in the games they were playing. Maitland thought back to the Dirty Duck pub back home with its crowds of friends and welcoming banter. "This place sucks," he said as much to himself as to Jerome. "What's the point of coming to a pub just to stare at a computer screen and play games?"
 
"Tis sad, I agrees. Very, very sad. And these peoples here is the lucky ones in a way. They can't afford to own their own games machine so they comes here to rent one. Most others have the machine in their home and almost never goes out at all."
 
"You didn't tell me how it is you are able to talk to and be seen by people in this universe and by me," Maitland said to Jerome as they watched the human size chess game unfold on a computer screen in front of them.
 
"Tis all to do with energy and vibrations and adaptin to what it is I see and am around man. I has taught myself to be a chameleon, but in reverse. I changes my skin to match the surroundins in a way that peoples I want to see me can see me."
 
"Right," said Maitland doubtfully as they watched a rook shatter into a million pieces after a stunning move by the wizard Harry. The blob of a human in the controller chair punched the air with excitement. "Who taught you your 'chameleon' abilities, and how long did it take?"
 
"There is nobody to teach this sort of thing to Jerome, I learns it myself."
 
"Could I learn?"
 
"Of course, but you needs to learn lots o other stuff first, like how to control your own thoughts, your breathing, your heart beats, your whole body, mind and spirit. That kind o stuff."
 
Maitland grumbled at the thought as the on-screen Jake character was backed into a corner of the chess board with the opposing side's bishop and queen blocking his escape. The opposing side's knight then moved into position making death of the Harry character inevitable. The human controller had not noticed Jerome and Maitland standing immediately behind him, hovering over him and watching his every move. Maitland knew he would be invisible to him, but was unsure about Jerome's status.
 
Game play was interrupted by a pop-up screen asking the blob of a player to put in more money or partake in a civil service survey to avoid imminent death of his main character. Without pausing to consider, the player clicked the survey option and was presented with 3 questions:
 
a.    Would you prefer to (1) pay more tax for rubbish removal around Cambridge, or (2) pay less tax?
b.    Would you prefer to (1) continue to fund a U.K. based parliament, or (2) pay less tax and allow individuals to make political decisions directly and online?
c.    Would you prefer to (1) pay for serious, repeat criminals to be fed and housed in prisons, or (2) bring back the death penalty and get rid of them.
 
The player quickly answered (2) to all questions, hardly even reading them.
'Thank you for participating in direct government, brought to you by LifeGames Ltd.
    --- You have earned 700 credits ---
Your input will be used to decide the future. Now, back to your game!
 
Maitland and Jerome watched as play resumed. The Jake character now used 500 of the credits to fly over his attackers, no doubt on to victory.
 
"Yous has just witnessed the pure, direct democracy in action." said Jerome to a slightly stunned Maitland. "Jus like that the freewill of the individual is put smack at the centre of politics. Only trouble is the individual in question here has otter things on his mind. His is a selfish mind, not givin a thought to any common good, eh?"
 
"That is all very interesting," said Maitland, "but I don't care about politics. What I want to know is why did you meet me here in this universe? It wasn't just a coincidence was it? Also, I don't see your DNA modulator? How do you move around?"
 
"I has a propensity to be where I is needed, where I cans provide some good to the world. Somehows I feel that you needed to understand this here universe, a place where selfishness has been allowed to become extreme. You get me?"
 
"No, I most definitely don't 'get you.' Not at all. Tell me this. Can you move goods across universes? If not, I'm out of here."
 
"I am like a matchmaker. Such people can't make a man and woman fall in love, get married and live happily ever after. But some people have a knack of recognising when two people should spend their lives as one. I can sometimes know when an object and a person need to be together. It doesn't matter what universe the person and the item might be in. If they should be together, I gets them together - like a matchmaker.
 
"What?" said frustrated Maitland. "Just answer the question. Can you move stuff from one universe to another or not?"
 
"Yeah man, in some cases I can allow things to be where they should be, that is all. That, my man is why I don't have one of those modulator devices. I just is where it is I should be."
