Rob and Matt were back in Hector's lab, the real lab in their real home universe. They both felt a sense of security from the familiar walls adorned with dusty portraits of 20 out of the 29 Nobel winners Cavendish had produced. Hector had scavenged these paintings from the halls and walls of the old labs during the move to the new laboratory to the west of Cambridge. The collection was a hodgepodge of which no museum curator would be proud. Some were black and white photos of old men with beards looking intelligent, many were the sorts of formal painting one would find in an unloved corner of the National Gallery. One was of a young man water skiing.
 
Hector had placed the images of his heroes around the room in chronological order starting with Lord Rayleigh who in 1904 had discovered the element Argon and explained how tiny particles smaller than the wavelength of light make the sky blue. The last portrait was of Norman Ramsey who won his Nobel for figuring out how to probe atomic matter and use it to make clocks more accurate than anything the world had ever known.
 
Many portraits were missing and Hector had left spaces, no doubt hoping to fill them in at some point. There was also quite a bit of room on the wall after Mr. Ramsey. Hector was always optimistic about the future of Physics research in Cambridge and assumed more Nobel prizes would come. Perhaps he even hoped for an image of himself on the wall.
 
"That was a waste of time." Said Matt spinning slowly round and round in his father's desk chair.
 
Matt had tired of watching Rob at the desk flipping half-heartedly through the documents they had worked so hard on, the papers mapping out all they knew about the multiverse, the people they had met, and Hector's calamitous experiment. Rob said nothing, but continued turning from page to page of their notes and diagrams. "We must have missed something," Rob muttered. "But what?"
 
Matt continued his pacing back and forth in the small lab, examining its contents as if some artefact from his father's office was hiding a vital clue. Moving an envelope off a chair, he read again the odd message on it they had discarded before: "Round Pies, 20p each."
 
In Rob's hand was the page titled 'Odd Stuff' on which they had put things they remembered which did not seem to fit any rational category.
 
"Hold on a minute," Matt said to Rob. Look at this, Round Pies 20p here on this envelope in my hand, in your hand are more references to a blue circle with a 20 in it from the Mayan universe and 20 pieces of pie in the no money universe, and that odd poster we just saw in the colour-blind universe advertising a Magnum P.I. for £20. Everything has a 20 in it. I don't see many other numbers in all of our notes. Could that be more than a coincidence?"
 
Rob pondered and shuffled some papers, scratched his chin, looked at Matt and studied the papers again. At last he spoke, "Not only is the number 20 over represented, but also check this out, each one of them also as a reference to Pi.
 
"What? Pi as in the 3.14 number, something about the circumference of a circle that Pi?"
 
Rob jumped up, "Yes, that Pi. Why would a normal pie that you can eat be described as round, they are always round? It must be a clue, a hint for something, and Magnum P.I. has not been on TV for about 100 years, why would there be a stage show about him? And the number 20 in a circle, even you associate pi with circles. These have got to be clues, but to whom and about what?"
 
Rob sat down again and poured over their documents and notes with renewed vigour. "Are the answers in those notes?" Matt asked.
 
"They have to be. Hector, Sylvia and Marnie are all depending on us to find them. Do you see anything else about 20, Pi, circles, or anything like that?" Rob was truly in his element now, digging through data like an archaeologist taking his first steps into King Tut's tomb.
