"What have I done?" Marnie sat bolt upright in a cold sweat abruptly awakened from a deep sleep. She sat staring blankly into the dark of her tiny room in the New East India Company headquarters. It was pitch black in her windowless cell, but she knew immediately where she was from the dusty smell of centuries old stone and mortar. "Who am I talking to? There is nobody to hear me. I must be going mad." She got up off her musty cot and poked her head out the door into the main room of Great St. Mary's church. It was empty with faint moonlight filtering in through what was left of some stained glass windows. It was not a person or noise that had woken her. She had been having an extraordinarily vivid dream, swimming with sea turtles in a tropical sea. In the dream, she had been befriended by three of the giant, graceful turtles and they swam together with Marnie like dolphins under the waves. Marnie felt she had been invited to a glimpse of heaven while still living, in fact, she felt more alive and peaceful in that dream than she could ever remember feeling in real life.
 
The blissful, weightless swimming was interrupted by her brother Matt driving past in an old pickup truck. He was being chased by a large bumble bee. Matt was clearly panicked, driving faster and faster attempting to evade the over-sized bee. Marnie marvelled at the weirdness of the dream. Matt could not drive, he did not have a pickup, cars don't work underwater and neither do foot long bumble bees. When seeing Matt in the dream, her first thought was annoyance as there he was, interrupting her perfect experience. She swam behind a rock before Matt saw her and the turtles. As she peeked out at the developing chase scene, she watched in horror as Matt attempted a sharp turn evading a coral. He didn't make the turn and crashed horribly, the pickup bursting into flames. Marnie glimpsed Matt's burning face looking at her pleading, "Why didn't you try to help me?" By the time he finished the question only his eyes were left. Those eyes stared at Marnie huddling behind the rock with the three turtles.
 
Still in the dream, the burning pickup was replaced by her father's DNA machine in his lab. Matt's eyes morphed into Hector's eyes. "Why did you change the settings?" asked her father's eyes. At that moment, Marnie woke.
 
"I have created this universe that now has me in this prison" she shouted to the empty room. The words echoed around the hall. The hall that for hundreds of years had heard the oratory of scholars and theologians did not comment. Marnie waited for a reply even though she knew the place to be empty. She craved someone, anyone to hear her. She shouted again, "I changed the settings on my father's experiment and created this world." Still no reply. She continued shouting. For some reason Marnie felt she had to shout, just thinking or mumbling these words would not give her redemption. "Just like a coin flip will land on both heads and tails and each will create a universe I could have not touched dad's equipment, and in some other universe I didn't, but this universe exists because I did." Marnie waited in the dark empty church again.
 
Silence.
 
Marnie sat quietly in a pew that had been left in the corner of the church. For the first time in her life, she prayed.
 
More silence. Morning came and the sun's rays shone through the stained glass windows.  Marnie woke up again, this time in the church pew and this time with a sense of purpose.
