"This is the weirdest Cambridge yet." Matt said to Rob looking around him at the Cambridge they had just landed in. Failing to work out any reason for the clues relating the universe signatures to digits in the number pi they decided there was nothing better to do than go to the next universe and see what they could discover. They had had no sign from Marnie since she had been kidnapped, nor Sylvia or Hector.
 
Rob looked around the alien city-scape that should have been Cambridge. "This feels and looks nothing like a city designed by an architect or city planner. I imagine this is a city that has grown and evolved on its own rather than having been built with any plan in mind."
 
Cambridge in their home universe as well as the other universes they had been in was distinguished by architecture of clay brick, spires and towers, with the occasional modern concrete and glass structure interspersed with the old.
 
The buildings around them now were fluid and flowing. Lights and colours ebbed like flower petals in a wind storm. Even the words 'building' and 'architecture' felt too rigid to describe the structures of this universe. They were approaching the site of Kings College Chapel of their home universe. Just ahead of Rob and Matt were a group of half a dozen college age students, four girls and two boys. Their conversation was a mix of biochemistry and flirtation. Half of them appeared to be British, the others foreign students from far off lands. Across the street was a family of Chinese people laden with cameras and iPods. The people could easily have been residents of their home universe, but the landscape was so different.
 
The only image in Matt's head which went a small way towards preparing him for this city-scape was a school trip to Barcelona two years ago. Many parts of that city are filled with the creations of Gaudi, an architect for whom straight lines and 90 degree corners were unnatural forms banished from his buildings. Instead of brick, steel and glass Gaudi's churches and office buildings appeared to have been created with meringue or whipped cream which had hardened into structures strong enough to withstand the elements.
 
Rob looked at Matt, "It would seem that what we would consider as standard building materials, brick, concrete, steel and glass, either were never invented in this universe or they were not wanted. Even the most basic way towns and cities work in terms of streets for cars bordered with pavements for pedestrians was not in the rulebook used by the city planners and architects of this universe."
 
This Cambridge was a kaleidoscopic, oozing and three dimensional. "Let's follow those kids into that artery thing and see where it goes" Matt said. Rather than streets and pavements with buildings on the sides they were surrounded by tubes of various colours and sizes. All were big enough for a few people to walk into, others were colossal and appeared capable of swallowing a small village in one gulp. Some of the tubes were primarily horizontal, these were generally the smaller ones and were probably for walking or driving through. Other skyscraper tubes shot up to unfathomable heights with no visible means of support. Most tubes meandered between the horizontal and vertical seeming to enjoy being diagonal as much as anything else.
 
"In we go," said Rob as they followed the students.
 
The interior of the tube was as surprising as the outside. From the outside there appeared to be no windows, Matt was expecting something like the dark chute of a slide at a swimming pool, the kind where for just a second or two you are encased by plastic walls. In fact, the tube was light and airy with a fresh breeze. This pedestrian tube was wide enough for about 5 people walking abreast with a curvaceous oval cross section. The floor was solid and firm. Where the walls should have been was a sort of whispering air curtain with clear views of the world outside.
 
Rob had stepped to the side and was examining the air curtain closely. "Amazing! This surface is somehow both solid and flexible. If I push hard against it or hit it the surface behaves like solid stone, but, I can also very gently nudge my whole arm right through the wall. The floor seems solid enough though."
 
"It's just like corn-starch, Marnie and I had hours of fun with the stuff you made for us to play with when we were little and you were babysitting us. You would mix up a pink batch of the stuff for Marnie and a blue batch for me. Come to think of it that was pretty sexist of you. Marnie and I usually ended up mixing in all into a horrid lavender-like colour anyway. Do you think Marnie is all right? I hate to think what Lothsen and his men might be up to."
 
"We have to assume she is fine," said Rob "Because I can't bear to think anything else when it comes to Marnie. Non-Newtonian liquid, that's the name for the behaviour of this wall and also corn-starch, silly putty, even ketchup. Now that we know that the signatures of the universes we visit are based on the digits in Pi, we don't need to figure out what event makes each universe distinct anymore, but if we did, this one would be pretty obvious. Someone here has figured out the secret of non-Newtonian liquids. They must be able to create all these structures with this material in a viscous, liquid form then cause it to solidify. I'd love to see them constructing one of the giant tube buildings out there."
 
"There are zillions of little tiny hairs on the surface, and they are waving." Matt had his nose up against the air curtain wall.
 
"You're right," said Rob staring closely at the wall. "I wonder if those millions of pulsating hairs are powering the breeze here? Imagine all these tubes and structures being heated, cooled and supplied with fresh air by these tiny fans pushing air through them. Brilliant."
 
The students that they followed into the tube disappeared around a curve ahead. Matt looked behind them towards the entrance. His eyes tracked a quick movement, but nobody was visible. "Uncle Rob, did you see that?"
 
"See what? I've been looking at these tiny hairs. Watch them carefully, they move like a wave down this walkway. I'm convinced they are some sort of air conditioning. I wonder how  are they controlled?"
 
"Never mind, it was nothing I guess, I thought I saw someone watching us but it couldn't have been. Is there any point in continuing up here? I don't even know what we are looking for in this universe, I mean it's fascinating and all that, but how can any of these hairs help us find Marnie or Mum and Dad?"
 
"We are looking for clues Matt."
 
"There you go with the Scooby Doo reference again" Matt laughed, but immediately felt guilty about having any fun given the predicament of his sister and parents. "If it is Dad leaving us clues, how could he leave one here? Everything is spotlessly clean, there are no walls to stick a poster on or bits of paper laying around with a note for us."
 
"I don't know. The other clues were in places we were likely to visit. Like the library, the lab, the market square and at Marnie's favourite mechanical grasshopper. This Cambridge is so different I doubt any of those landmarks exist."
 
"I see what you mean. None of our normal Cambridge landmarks are in this universe so it is hard to know where to look. But, there is one landmark I would like to try to find, the lamp post in the middle of Parker's Piece. Dad always makes a point of checking that when we walk past it. The lamp post has 'reality check' scratched on it in our universe."
 
"Let's go then, a reality checkpoint would certainly do me some good. I just hope we like what we find."
 
Navigation across this strange universe, was tricky, but after 10 minutes Matt and Rob found what they believed would have been the centre of Parkers Piece. Instead of a lamp post they found one end of an expansive arch. It was constructed of the same flexible, molded material as the rest of the city.
 
"Where to you think the other end of this is?" wondered Matt, tracing the flight of the arch across the sky.
 
"I'd guess somewhere near the Grafton centre. It looks like it would be at least half a mile north. I can't figure out if it serves any function or if it is just art." Rob said.
 
Matt was examining the base of the arch, "I don't see any entrance even though it is big enough around for several people to fit inside. I love the colour, well the shimmer, well it doesn't really have a colour does it? On the other hand it is not quite reflective like a mirror either."
 
"It is a solid surface." said Rob touching it. "But, the colour is sort of like the sky at sunrise I suppose, it has colour, but not really its own and it is always changing slightly. Look at this little plaque at the bottom, it, 'to be or not to be' and somebody has scratched the number 96274 after it. What do you suppose that means?"
 
"I couldn't guess, I thought it was debatable whether Shakesphere even existed as one person in our universe, how are his quotes getting over here? Take a note of that number though, it might mean something. But, remember earlier when I thought I saw someone or something while we were in that tube? I was right, there are two burly men watching us. See them, there beside that bench?"
 
"They look like the two that took Marnie." said Rob. The Mongols accepted that they had been spotted by Matt and Rob. They stayed where they were, neither advancing for a confrontation or attempting to remain clandestine. Rob set up the mobile modulator, let's get out of here. I don't like them watching us like that and there is no sign of Hector here."
