"There is a very good chance I have already lost the use of both my legs and will never walk again." moaned Hector to Sylvia as the pair of them sat cross-legged on a rug.
 
Sylvia laughed, "Don't worry old man, I'll carry you - but you'll have to lose some weight first. We have been sitting here all of 5 minutes. I bet that couple next to you in the red robes and turquoise jewellery have been sitting legs crossed in deep meditation for hours."
 
"It looks to me like they sat down there about 10 years ago, lost all blood circulation below the waist, and now can't get up. That could be our fate if we don't move soon."
 
"Stop moaning and think positive thoughts, or better yet think no thoughts at all and don't forget your breathing, that's the key to meditation. We said we were going to try and understand this universe and meditation is what people seem to spend a lot of time doing here."
 
Sylvia and Hector continued to sit near the edge of a circular amphitheatre which had been created in one corner of Parker's Piece, the large field slightly south and east of the market square. They were still in the universe where they hoped to ensnare Lothsen and bring their family together. Sylvia and Hector were among a hundred people or so meditating in the amphitheatre which consisted of terraced concentric rings of grass covered earth, each about a metre higher than the ring inside it. Each level was around two metres deep, enough for several people to gather. In the centre was a circle of burning incense filling the area with its aroma and surrounding a 15 metre tall granite statue of the man they had seen represented all around the city, Jochi Khan.
 
Some time later Hector struggled to stand, "That's enough; we have meditated on the ground here for what seems like an hour. I am murderously uncomfortable from sitting cross-legged and my brain is in dire need of stimulation. I don't feel that I have learned anything about this universe by doing this, especially anything I can use to trap Lothsen and get our kids and Rob back. But enough about me, how about you?"
 
Sylvia opened her eyes slowly. Sitting calmly, at peace with her mind and in the lotus position Hector could almost see butterflies and rainbows, flowers and other peaceful rubble floating around her. "That was surreal!" Sylvia announced when she eventually left her deep meditation and returned to the present. "There must be something about this universe, or all these other people meditating around us here. I have never before attained anything like the level of consciousness I achieved just now."
 
Hector looked around the square, "Good for you, with all that meditation, yoga and stuff you have tried over the years I am happy that it has paid off. Odd that we had to travel to another universe to get a breakthrough. What next? Did you learn anything that will help us?"
 
"Let's walk." Said Sylvia, "there are a lot of thoughts coming, but they're all a bit of a jumble now."
 
As they started to stroll down towards the centre of the amphitheatre, a deep voice spoke from behind them. "I welcomes you to this world Mrs Moncrieff, yes, walkings good as I says to you once before, no?" It was the unmistakable sound of Jerome, the big West Indian man they had met earlier. Sylvia wore the whale necklace given to her by Jerome and unconsciously touched it gently when she heard his voice.
 
Hector and Sylvia exchanged looks of puzzlement with each other before turning to face Jerome. He was now dressed in a robe of deep crimson tied at the waist with a purple sash. On his head was a rainbow, a multi-coloured hat holding what must have been a small mountain of hair. "Hello again," said Hector somewhat exasperated, still not knowing what to think of the big black man.
 
Jerome's smile won them over and the three of them touched fists like old friends though Hector and Sylvia could not imagine why. Jerome's magnetism and happy demeanour were difficult to ignore. They just felt like trusting him this time. The three of them ambled down the steps in the spring sunshine towards the centre of the amphitheatre. Hector could not shake the feeling that it all seemed too normal and natural, yet here he was, missing his children and brother-in-law in a universe which a few days ago he could not have believed could even exist. He heard birds singing, Sylvia was by his side and Jerome was suddenly his best buddy. It felt good, but it shouldn't really. If only the twins and Rob were with them now, it would be such a family adventure.
 
 They circled the statue at the centre of the amphitheatre. The architect had designed the space so the statue at the focal point couldn't be ignored. Above them on a pedestal was a stone figure of a man in robes much like those worn by Jerome. The face of the stone giant was Asian, perhaps Mongol. Jerome had become uncharacteristically quiet as they circled the carving with the name Jochi Khan carved into the marble pedestal.
 
"The great Jochi is calming, is he not?" said Jerome as they started their second lap around the statue.
 
"Who is he?" asked Sylvia. "Surely that is not a relative of Genghis Khan the murderer of tens of thousands of souls in our universe."
 
"There are so many worlds, or universes as you call them." said Jerome, "Think of the ocean full of all the kinds of fishes and creatures you can imagine. Now imagine yourself in a tiny row boat pullin the oars makin the smallest of wakes as you cross from one shore to another on that great water. Every day or so you spy a fish jumpin out o the sea, or peer over the side of your speck of a craft and sees a fish a few feet below the surface of the waves."
 
Sylvia was lost in this vision, Hector stared at the face of Jochi trying to read something into Jerome's passive expression.
 
Jerome continued, "This is how peoples live their lives, they see only what's in front of their nose and think that is all there is in the ocean, and yet in the depths below are unimaginable creatures"
 
Hector stared Jerome in the eyes and said, "So, is Jochi a relative of Genghis Khan? Yes or no?"
 
Jerome returned the stare. "A long time ago, this world and the one you lives in were one and the same. Back then there was a man known as Genghis Khan, he lived on a pivotal point in many worlds. Sometimes you can make a choice by flippin a coin. Folk will do this if they cannot decide or when they think the choice doesn't matter. Genghis had for some reason known only to the gods existed in a state where every decision he made, every coin he flipped would spawn new universes strongly affecting the lives of millions."
 
"I get it that Genghis Khan was an important man, but who is Jochi," said Sylvia.
 
"Genghis had several sons" continued Jerome. "Jochi was one of them. In many worlds, Jochi's actions became more important than those of his father. This place is one of those."
 
"Actually, Mr. Jerome" Sylvia interrupted, "I would rather know how we can get our family back together, and how we can get rid of this Lothsen character who seems to be causing such a lot of trouble for us. Unless the story of Jochi Khan is directly relevant, which I doubt, save it for later please."
 
"Of course, as a mother, you family is always the first thing. I sees you wearin the humpback whale necklace that is good, let her charms be workin for ya. Did ya knows that humpback whales can communicate over hundreds, even thousands of miles in the oceans? Think about dat. And families are very important to whales too."
 
"Here we go again." cried Hector. "You seem to be a really nice guy Jerome, but can you help us or not?
 
"Let me tell you a story" started Jerome. Hector tried to interrupt, but Jerome continued. "In some things, for some peoples direct intervention is the way to short term desires. I takes the longer view, and in that longer view one must learn to let things in life take the natural course, battling upstream may get you a few feet in the direction yous wants, but in the end it is always the river that wins."
 
"I'll take that as a 'no' then. Come on Sylvia, I have an idea to get the kids and Rob to this universe. After that we'll figure out how to deal with Lothsen who will surely be following them. Off they went. As Hector strode out of the amphitheatre with Sylvia on his arm she looked back over her shoulder, with a hand on her whale necklace, wondering. "I still can't figure out Jerome, but I'd like to think he's not just a babbling nut case."
 
Having exited the amphitheatre Hector and Sylvia headed to the centre of Parker's Piece. Hector automatically checked the base of the lamp post as he always did when crossing the field. Hoping to see the immortal words 'Reality Checkpoint,' instead, he found written: 'What is Reality?'
 
Hector pondered the message on the lamp post and said to Sylvia, "You and your humpback whale can meditate about sending a signal out to our family. Jerome might be bonkers, but like believing in Santa Claus, there is no harm in believing and a lot to lose if you don't believe, but should have."
