The tiny classroom had been created in the bell tower of Great St. Mary's church in the New East India Company headquarters. The room was more of a landing on the stairs than a classroom, but there was just enough space for Marnie, 6 burly new recruits, Maitland, and Kane Lothsen. Marnie stood in the front of the classroom wielding a metre long pointer stick which she used to direct the short attention spans of her students to the various charts, graphs and photos she had prepared to illustrate the history of the original East India Company. Lothsen and Maitland were at the back of the classroom ready to take the second half of the lesson in which Lothsen would unveil his plans for New East India Company. Marnie's job was to teach them about the business methods of the first East India Company and she wanted to impress.
 
Marnie read an extract from her notes:
 
In a back street of London on a cold December afternoon, just off the Strand, 8 of England's most influential bankers and merchants gathered in a windowless room smelling of ale and smoke. Among them was Samuel Cartwright, the 25 year old son of Jonathan Cartwright, a trader who had made a fortune in wool and textiles. Young Samuel had recently returned from a 12 month tour of India. His father had gathered the richest and most influential people he knew to listen to what his son had to say. They were hoping to profit from the new information.
 
Samuel was the beneficiary of an upbringing and education that had prepared him for this moment. He was not nervous about performing in front of the land's most powerful men, he revelled in it. His talk was as flamboyant and showy as his pink cravat. He told the men of the riches he had seen in the East. He then pulled from his brown leather bag samples from India. On the table, he set out bags of spices of all colours, luxurious fabrics and silks, foods of all sorts, and dozens of sparkling jewels.
 
The men around the table wore the clothing of the rich, they lived in the finest townhouses of the city but surrounded the table like children in a sweet shop, handling the silks, smelling and timidly sampling the exotic spices. Samuel, a master showman, let them ogle the goods for not quite as long as they wanted to before capturing their attention with a placard upon which was written the words 'five pounds.' The trick worked, the wealthy and the powerful turned their full attention to the young man. Samuel savoured the moment before reiterating that the total cost of all the prizes on the table before them had been purchased in India for less than 5 pounds sterling - a bargain by any measure.
 
Jonathan Cartwright stepped into the silence of mental calculations being made by each man as they estimated the profits they could turn from the items on the table before them.
 
"They wanted to steal from India didn't they" shouted an excited, ugly man in the front row of seats as he poked his hand in the air as if asking permission from Marnie for the interruption he had just made.
 
The brute beside him shouted while putting up his hand. "No, you idiot, they were going to trade with the Indians, not steal. Miss Marnie told us the lesson was about the East India Trading Company, not the East India Stealing Company" A spray of saliva followed his words.
 
Lothsen snickered at the back of the room and winked at Marnie. He then turned and whispered to Maitland, "It would appear that my lesson to the men last night was effective. They were too hard on Marnie in training yesterday. Even though I told them to treat her like a queen. Sergeant Evans learned a lesson and in the future will pay more attention to my instructions won't he. Good that most of the other men were around to watch, none of them will forget who is in charge will they?"
 
Maitland leaned closer to Lothshen so as not to be overheard, "You may have enjoyed the lesson, as you call it, that pack of wild dogs certainly did, but Evans doesn't have a future here. I checked on him this morning, he won't recover.
 
"Steal or trade? Where do you draw the line?" Marnie asked the class rhetorically. "You are both right. The men in that room along with some others established the East India Trading Company around 1600. They used political and financial influence with the Queen and politicians to obtain a monopoly in trade with India. Who knows what is meant by a monopoly" Marnie asked the class. No reply. "This monopoly meant that no other company was allowed to trade with India, so the East India Company could control prices and volumes of goods travelling between England and the East. They stood to make a fortune, but, as I'll tell you in the next story, the Portuguese and others did not agree with this monopoly. What do you think happened next?"
 
The ugliest student raised his hand, this time waiting for Miss Marnie to call on him. "Fights, lots of fighting, is that right Miss Marnie, is that right?"
 
"You are exactly right. Who wants to hear about one of the battles between the English and the Portuguese? I know of a battle that happened near the Indian town of Swally, it was so long ago that nobody is exactly sure where Swally is, but they found the captain's logbook from one of the English ships involved. Shall I read from it?"
 
The students cheered with excitement. As a teacher Marnie had them in the palm of her hand. Lothsen gave her an approving look. His men would become good soldiers and follow his orders on the back of this education.
 
Marnie began reading from her notes again:
The Portuguese traders have our English Ships outnumbered 3 to 1, what's more, the wind is in their favour. They are coming towards us from the North just as the sun is beginning to rise. The minor seaport of Swally somewhere on the southern coast of the Indian subcontinent...
 
The men who Lothsen had recruited to defend his company were enthralled. This was story time for them and the situation had reduced the thick-set muscled and scared men to young boys again. Marnie glanced up at Lothsen who also appeared engrossed. Her plan was working. Since her dream the night before when she realised that so much had resulted from her simple action of tinkering with the settings on her father's machine she had become determined that all she did from now on, no matter how inconsequential it may seem, would be focused on putting things right again, getting her family back together in their home universe. She missed them, even Matt. Her first step would be to gain Lothsen's trust and confidence. Next she would use and abuse that trust, like a double agent. She didn't know when an opportunity would present itself, but she would be ready.
 
Marnie ended the story of the battle of Swally with the victorious English seemingly on the way to establishing a secure monopoly on trade routes and materials. Lothsen then took Marnie's place at the front of the class.
 
"Thank you very much Miss Marnie for that excellent lesson, before I move on to our next session do any of you have any questions?"
 
Maitland stood up, he had been quiet and appeared slightly disinterested until now, "Yeah, I've got a question, whose history is it that we just heard? In my work for you searching through universes I have seen a lot of weird things, universes where quartz is more valuable than gold, places where money does not exist, you name it and there is a whole universe of it out there somewhere. Those stories about the old East India Company are no doubt true, but not in all histories, not in all universes. Why is that history more important than, say a history where all humans were destroyed by an asteroid or something like that?"
 
The thugs of the class looked dumbfounded by the question. They turned to Lothsen hoping for an answer. "Miss Marnie, I see you have brought the books I gave you to read and study, may I have them please?" Lothsen said to Marnie who handed them over.
 
"I found these two history books in the remains of the local Cambridge public library less than 1/2 mile from where we are now. They were written in this universe about 50 years ago about events which happened in this universe several hundred years ago. Somewhere in Portugal there is a library with an old book or two telling the story of these same events, their perspective will be very different from the English version we have just heard. Over in China there may be a footnote in a history book also mentioning the travels of Samuel Cartwright and the battle of Swally." Lothsen paused for effect then continued. "In some other universes, these historical events will have happened just as they did here, in some universes there will have been slight differences and in others the events will have been completely different or not have happened at all."
 
One of the thug students asked, "So, what are we supposed to believe is true?"
 
Lothsen continued, "All recorded history is a lie from one point of view or another. The important thing about history is not whether it is true or not, but whether one can extract anything useful from it." Lothsen paused again for emphasis. "Understanding of history is what separates the truly great leaders from the losers. History is why this firm will be powerful and all conquering. They say 'history favours the brave.' I would add that, the present day favours the historian!"
 
With that triumphant roar, which was lost on his audience class was dismissed.
