Before she knew it, Marnie was beside the slick suited Maitland at the top of the Great St. Mary's church tower. Below them was yet another Cambridge, another universe. "This looks like my home universe," said Marnie.
 
During lunch with Lothsen and Maitland she had been congratulated on her teaching skills and given another job for Lothsen in the New East India Company. Lothsen said that he wanted her to learn more about universes and his plans. Marnie's plan of gaining Lothsen's trust and knowledge seemed to be working.
 
Marnie's current task was to assist Maitland in his and learn what she could. "What is it you are supposed to do in these universes you visit?" Marnie asked.
 
Maitland gazed over the green fields surrounding Cambridge to the south and west. The sun warmed his face and the sounds of a thriving market filtered up from below. "I'm a scout and explorer for the company" Maitland explained. "Lothsen thinks that in one of the thousands of universes I will find him something he can use to set up his trading empire."
 
"And have you? How many universes have you seen?"
 
Maitland turned to her, "About 40 universes now, and none of them has revealed anything of use. Mind you, this work is more interesting than some I have had. I once spent 6 months trying to sell life insurance to people walking down the High street near my home. Talk about tedious? I used to try and guess which reason the punters would give to get rid of me. I got pretty good at it too."
 
"How do you get paid? Have you got some sort of inter-universe bank account?" asked Marnie.
 
"Lothsen and I have an agreement. There is a vast amount of wealth to be created from these other universes, I'll get my share. The men you have been training up are also working on the promise of future wealth from Lothsen."
 
"This place looks just like my home universe." said Marnie. "Do you think it is? How would I even know?"
 
"It would be a pretty freakish coincidence if it were. The computer just chose a random universe out of millions, what is the chance of it selecting the one you were born in. There is an easy way to find out though. Let's go down there among the people. If you are invisible to them, then it surely is not your home, your DNA won't be vibrating in the same way as theirs. We need to investigate and look for anything that could aid the company anyway."
 
In a few minutes they were in the market square, Marnie was tentatively trying to attract the attention of a woman selling handbags made of hemp. Either Marnie was invisible to her or the woman also worked as a waitress and was highly skilled at avoiding customers. Marnie tried again at a market stall selling vintage albums from the 70's. She recognized most of the bands from her dad's dusty old record collection, but was unable to make herself seen by the seller or anyone else in this universe. She was invisible here, despite everything looking like home this was not her home.
 
"This is very unsettling," Marnie said to Maitland. She still didn't trust Maitland at all. To Marnie he personified slime, slimy personality, slimy dress sense, and as far as she had seen slimy character. Despite that, she had no one else to talk to. "I think I prefer universes that are obviously different from home. I keep expecting to see my family or friends walking up and talking to me, but I know they can't. Is it possible I would see myself here? Can I be in the same universe twice?"
 
"So far we don't know if someone can see themselves in another universe or not. I asked Lothsen about that once, but he didn't seem interested in the topic. I have certainly not come across another version of myself in another universe." said Maitland as he looked around the market.
 
Marnie said, "It is creepy being sort of home, but not, and not knowing if I might bump into myself"
 
"Come on." said Maitland, "We need to look around to find anything in this universe that might be of use to the New East India Company."
 
"Like what? What are we looking for? Are we expecting to find men sitting around some big machine zapping pizzas off to another universe and getting flying cars zapped back in return? Mind you, nothing would surprise me anymore."
 
Maitland laughed at the thought, then took on a serious tone, "What are you doing Marnie? I can't figure you out now. Why are you helping Lothsen now? What's in it for you?"
 
Marnie started walking out of the market place in the direction of the Cambridge library. "What's in it for you Mr. Maitland, you can't even really get paid properly, just promises?"
 
"Honestly, I've got nothing else to do, that's about it. I've don't have anything going on at home. There is no future there, next to no money, no jobs and an angry girlfriend giving me trouble all the time. I don't know if Lothsen is going to succeed, but if he does I'll get a piece of it. Its a gamble, but not much of one because I've got nothing to lose. What about you?"
 
Marnie wanted to tell Maitland about her plan to double cross Lothsen. She loved to tell secrets to her friends, loved to have someone to confide in. Could Maitland help her? Could he be an ally in her plot? He didn't seem to care all that much for Lothsen or the company. Perhaps she could think of a way to turn Maitland to help her? "I just want to help people lead better lives." said Marnie deciding to stick with her instinct to distrust her shiny suited companion. "If I can help to give a whole universe of people better lives by helping them to trade, that would be great wouldn't it. Like Lothsen said, people have always traded goods with each other to improve their lifestyles."
 
Maitland looked at her questioningly but dropped the subject.
 
At that point, Marnie spotted a headline on a newspaper left on a small table at the coffee stall. She read the article aloud in shock,
After yesterday's devastating nuclear attack on Seoul, South Korea's capital city, the country retaliated against its northern neighbour with a force of over 1,000 tanks and 20,000 troops. The death toll in Seoul and surrounding areas is now estimated at over 1 million people. China, Japan, USA, and Australia are all known to have fleets and troops arriving in the area imminently....
 
"It's going to be world war three." said Marnie.
 
"It could be that this universe we are in only branched off from your home universe yesterday when that nuclear bomb dropped." said Maitland. "That would explain why it looks like home to you, but isn't. I think we have seen enough here, this place will not be any more advanced in terms of inter-universe travel than your home. Apart from the lucky experiment of your father's that means it is of no use to us or the Company. Lothsen gave me strict orders not to waste time getting too curious about places, but to go to as many universes as possible. If a universe looks potentially useful, I am to take note of it and return to Lothsen."
