Rob and Matt were on their butts yet again. "Surely there is a more dignified way of travelling from one universe to another than this continually waking up from an unconscious heap on the ground every time," Matt said.
 
"Is this your weird chair fetish coming out again? I suppose you would like to alight gently in a leather armchair each time you have the opportunity to visit a new and exciting world? Remember, getting there is half the fun, right?"
 
Rob and Matt were in good spirits, they had returned home from warring, tribal Cambridge.  Matt had vowed to return if he could to see how it turned out for the mother with her words of wisdom to the warring tribal leaders. Rob had initiated a search for the 2 sets of digits they had recently found on the lamp post. It was not an instant success, but after some magic twiddling and programming Rob declared that universe 96274 95673 51885 75272 was where they would find Hector. That universe was where they were now.
 
Rob looked around and said, "Well, the weather is nice. I don't see Hector waiting here at the lamp post for us, but I suppose he wouldn't be hanging around here day and night. We'll have to look around for him. You know, no matter how different each universe turns out to be the weather is always the first thing to strike me. Living in England I guess an obsession about the weather is ingrained."
 
Matt looked at Rob incredulously and put on a ridiculous posh English accent, "So, do you think it is going to rain tomorrow? Might I be requiring my brolly? Jolly warm today isn't it sir? Whilst we are here shall we determine whether there is anything scratched on that jolly nice lamp post just over there?"
 
"I won't mention the weather to you ever again." chortled Rob as he crouched down and practically crawled around the base of the post. "This one says: 'What is Reality?', and doesn't have any numbers."
 
"The dress code in this universe is pretty strange, all the locals are wearing either crimson bath robes or what looks like yoga outfits. Apart from the odd fashion, something feels different here."
 
Rob stood and gazed around, after a minute he came to this conclusion, "No shopping bags."
 
"What?" Matt said.
 
"In our home the Grafton shopping centre is up that street there and the town centre shops, market, and Grand Arcade Mall are on the opposite side of Parker's Piece over there. At home, 9 out of 10 people crossing this field would be carrying shopping bags. Here there are very few shoppers."
 
"Wow, good call Sherlock, you are right again. Why do I never notice stuff like that? Guess I was still thinking about the weather! What do we do now?"
 
Rob considered a moment, shrugged his shoulders and said, "Look around, I'm pretty sure that Hector was pointing us to this universe. If you were him, where would you be?"
 
"Dad might be in his lab, but that is where Lothsen and his goons would be waiting for him, so too obvious. He loves the Eagle pub that would be my best bet." Rob agreed and so off they went. The robe-clad inhabitants of this world were easier to avoid walking through than people of other universes. They seemed in less of a rush as they wandered around the town. Several groups of them walked across the field then turned around and walked back to where they had come from. Matt and Rob left Parker's Piece and turned right into St. Andrews Street. In their home universe, stone 2 and 3 story buildings stood proudly on both sides of the street which would have been crammed with shoppers, university students, and office workers buzzing in and out. There were so many cyclists, buses and cars that crossing the street was always challenging. In this universe, everything moved at a slower pace, even at the busiest of intersections. There were still bikes, cars, buses and pedestrians, but they all seemed to flow around each other seamlessly as if all were somehow controlled from above. If you watch busy streets in most cities there will be people accidentally bumping into each other, doing that funny little dance that strangers do when unable to decide to go right or left to avoid each other's path. Here there was just a smooth flow. They even seemed to somehow avoid Rob and Matt even though they couldn't see them, as if guided by some invisible hand.
 
"I want to try something." Matt said to Uncle. Matt stood still in the middle of the pavement busy with pedestrians.
 
Rob watched as the robe-clad locals walked around Matt rather than through him. There was no eye contact from them and no sign that they knew Matt was standing in their path, but they flowed around him like water passing around a stone in a stream. Matt and Rob repeated the experiment a few more times on the way to the Eagle Pub. It always worked. There was something different about this universe, or the people in it. These people had an awareness they had not seen before. After about 10 minutes they reached the entrance to the Eagle pub. Matt wanted to run in and see his dad but at the same time he was worried he would not be there. Rob noticed Matt's hesitation at the archway which led off the street to the pub garden. "Are you coming?"
 
"What if Dad is not sitting at his favourite bench at the end of the garden sipping a pint of ale? Everything has gone from bad to worse with these universes. First Dad disappeared, then you were kidnapped, now Marnie, Mum, and Dad all missing. All because of me and Marnie playing with Dad's equipment. I should have told him about it."
 
"There's nothing you can do about that now, you and Marnie have to move on."
 
They walked together under the arch. Would Hector be there?
