A few minutes earlier, Sylvia and Hector watched and beamed with happiness as Matt and Rob materialised at the foot of the lamp post in Parker's Piece. The feeling was short lived as Marnie did not arrive with them. Hector and Sylvia were hidden in the shadows of large trees in the far corner of the field. They had been waiting there for hours, since returning from scratching the coded hints on the Parkers Piece lamp posts in as many universes as they dared. Their efforts had paid off as Matt and Rob had arrived, but where was Marnie?
 
The pair watched as Matt and Rob gathered themselves up off the ground and surveyed their surroundings. They also watched as two of Lothsen's New East India Company thugs did the same 100 metres across the field. "There they are." said Hector. "I knew Lothsen would be following them, but where is Marnie? What could have happened to her?"
 
"We need to go to them now and find out, come on Hector."
 
"No!" Hector grabbed Sylvia's arm, "We can't, the goons will take us, or at least me and we still won't know about Marnie. The strategy was to lure Lothsen to this universe, trap him, then go home without being chased forever by him and his men. But, where is Marnie.... I have an idea, I'll get the East India Company goons to follow me while you get to Matt and Rob and find out about Marnie. Meet me at our boat in about half an hour."
 
"No, we can't split up, especially with those men chasing after you. I only just found you in these universes. There must be another way."
 
While they considered their options Matt and Rob began striding purposefully across the field towards the city centre. "Where do you think they are going?" Hector asked.
 
"Looking for you, of course."
 
"And where they would look, I wonder. My lab?"
 
"Probably, shall we try and get ahead of them? We can ask about Marnie when they turn a corner or something while the East India goons are temporarily out of view?" suggested Sylvia.
 
"Not a bad idea, let's try it." replied Hector, "But we have to evade both the goons and Matt and Rob until the right moment. The quickest route to the lab is down Regent St., then Downing St. and on to Free School Lane. I don't see how we can get to the lab before them without them seeing us. Other routes I can think of are quite a bit longer. If Rob and Matt see us, then those goons will see us too."
 
While Hector talked about options Sylvia simply started running. Hector gave up talking to himself and took off after her. "I guess we'll just figure it out as we go then?" panted Hector as he chased after her. Rather than follow Matt and Rob through the one, obvious exit of the field towards the city centre Sylvia sprinted to Gonville Place where they turned right and headed off down the crowded pavement towards Lensfield Road planning to turn right again up Tennis Court road, cross Downing St. then head through the other labs and lecture theatres of the university to the back of the Old Cavendish lab of Hector's. It would be a run of about a mile while Matt and Rob taking a direct route would walk about half that distance. It was a good plan if they were fast enough. They could catch Matt and Rob as they turned into the lab and be completely out of sight of anyone following Matt and Rob. They could then disappear into the labyrinth of labs and university buildings, losing the goons for good.
 
The first problem was that the pavement on Gonville Place was very crowded. "There must have been an event of some sort down here." Hector shouted as he attempted to dodge between the locals. As with Matt and Rob the people here seemed to have some sense of the presence of Hector and Sylvia and made subconscious attempts to open a path for them, but the pavement was too crowded. Sylvia wove and dodged as best she could in the lead, but soon began to simply run through the bodies of the robed people. It was sheer terror for Sylvia, but they were going faster now. She yelled more loudly than Hector could remember since the birth of the twins, but kept going. The locals seemed to sense something had happened and often stepped aside after Sylvia passed through, leaving a clearer path for Hector to follow.
 
By the time they entered Lensfield road, the foot traffic had lessened substantially and the going was easier. "I'll take the lead now." offered Hector as they continued their run. Sylvia was obviously shaken but carried on at a fast pace.
 
Eventually, they reached the ground floor of Hector's lab. Both needed a minute to catch their breath before they could speak. "Do you think we beat them here?" Hector said gasping for breath.
 
Sylvia leaned against a wall unable to speak for a while. "I certainly hope so. I would hate for all that running to have been a waste of time. We couldn't have beaten them by more than a couple minutes. Let's wait here. If they did get here ahead of us, they will have gone up to the lab, looked around and then left. That would take a few more minutes, so we might see them going out if they are already here. Let's just pray they have not already been and gone."
 
So they waited. One minute passed, then another. The parents became increasingly ill at ease. They said nothing, just paced back and forth.
 
Less than 100 yards away in The Eagle Pub Matt and Rob were similarly pacing back and forth.
 
100 yards in another direction the New East India Company goons were also in a quandary and doing some pacing of their own. They had followed Matt and Rob across the city without being seen, and watched them go under the arch which led into the pub garden. The two big men were discussing whether they should follow them into the pub or wait just out of sight. The taller of the two with fine, greying hair in a ponytail was of the opinion that there was another exit out the back of the pub garden and they were in danger of losing their prey should Rob and Matt leave through it. The other man, with an absurdly manicured goatee beard and sideburns was certain that Matt and Rob would come out the same way they had entered. He thought that if the two of them looked around the corner into the pub or the garden there was a high risk that they would be spotted, which would ruin all their chances of being led to Hector. They both knew that if they screwed this up they would be forced to fight each other viciously as this was Lothsen's favourite form of entertainment and punishment.
 
Another minute ticked by, then another.
 
"How long should we wait here I wonder?" Rob asked, as much to himself as to Matt.
 
"Another way to look at it is what else would we do? Where else should we look for Dad?" Matt replied. "Isn't it strange that this pub garden is just as full of drinkers in this universe of religious looking Buddhist types as it is back home?"
 
"Yes, odd, but more importantly Hector isn't here. Where else should we look? The lab, the library, the market square, Hector and Sylvia's favourite spot along the river? He could be anywhere. If Hector wanted us to find him in this universe, and he is not here at the Eagle, maybe we should try the lab. It's just across the street and down the alley."
 
"OK, but let's wait another minute or so. I'd hate to leave just before Dad arrives"
