"What are you hiding girl! Open your hand now, show us what you've got there." Lothsen yelled at Marnie. She and Maitland were reporting back to their boss. The three of them were in Lothsen's office in the gallery of the Great St. Mary's Church. They had gone directly to him upon returning to the company H.Q. universe. To her surprise Marnie still had the ivory and gold whale necklace in her hand. That should not have been possible. Somehow she had taken it from the gold and silver universe to this one. On the short walk from the graveyard to the gallery, she had been desperately beginning to work out how best to use the necklace to her own advantage. What would James Bond do she asked herself.
 
Timidly she showed Lothsen and Maitland the whale necklace. "My Dad gave it to me in the gold universe we just came from." Marnie said as quietly as she could and with fake tears welling in her eyes.
 
The two men stared at the necklace in astonishment. "How did your father get there without our knowing? And how did you bring the necklace back to this universe? You better start talking." Lothsen took the necklace and examined it more closely.
 
Marnie stuttered and stumbled over her words, with tears coming more frequently as she made up a story for them, a story she hoped they would believe because they wanted to. "While you were examining the construction of the church," she looked at Maitland, "my dad appeared from out of nowhere. We hugged, but very quickly before you could see him, he hid behind a gravestone out of your view. Dad told me he had solved the problem of moving goods between universes and that he was working with Jessica Smythe. Dad and Jessica are going to publish the designs for his device, a machine that would open up trade between universes."
 
Lothsen was fuming, he looked towards Maitland for some sort of confirmation. Maitland shrugged in a noncommittal manner. "Carry on Marnie," said Lothsen.
 
"Dad wanted to take me back home with him, he was desperate, and to tell the truth I wanted to go. Then I remembered what you said to us about being able to help the millions and millions of people in many universes by organising trade between them. I could not help thinking of the TV ads at home begging us to donate money for the poor starving children of Africa or some other unfortunate place. In my home universe, we have trade like that Jessica woman wants yet children still die of hunger while others die of obesity. I want to do something big with my life, a wonderful opportunity has fallen into my lap, and I want to help you, Mr. Lothsen, to make a better world, better universes. All of this came to me in a flash when Dad was about to take me away. I told Dad how I felt. He was starting to argue, but then Maitland turned and started coming towards us. Dad pushed the necklace into my hand and vanished. I didn't really get it, your plan that is, until the moment that I saw myself working against you."
 
Lothsen studied the necklace, rubbing the smooth ivory, examining the delicate gold links of the chain inch by inch. He then focused on Marnie, trying to read the truth from her eyes. After a long hard stare, he returned the necklace to Marnie, "take it" he said. "Wear it and remember that moment of clarity when you put it on each day."
 
"Now, please sit down, my two most trusted advisors. We need a plan. Hector has somehow modified this necklace to allow it to pass between universes. From that fact alone I, believe we can learn a lot. My science team have wasted a lot of time and effort trying to build equipment that would push an object from one universe to another. Hector has been smarter and has somehow modified this object in such a way that it can be carried with a person who travels. First we need to do some tests on the behaviour of this whale necklace. For example, can anyone take it to other universes, or does it have to be Marnie? Can it go to many universes or just one or two trips before the modification fails? I'll put the team on to it and to attempt to determine what is unique about the necklace. Marnie, you will work with them."
 
Maitland sat beside Lothsen, leaving Marnie to perch on a wooden box. "Wouldn't it be easier to capture Hector and get him to tell us what he did?" he said.
 
Lothsen watched Marnie carefully as he answered, watching her for any tell-tale response. "Of course, we will redouble our efforts to find Hector and force his secrets from him, using means necessary." He sneered.
 
Marnie kept her face expressionless. "I think I know a way to get Dad on our side." she said, wondering if she might be going too far with the double agent thing.
 
"Go on." said Lothsen.
 
"I know my dad, he is very stubborn and once he starts believing he is doing the right thing then there is no changing his mind. But, he also commits himself to certain people and if he believes a person is sincere and right minded he will follow them to the ends of the earth." Marnie paused, partly for effect and partly because she hadn't thought through her next lines yet and needed time to fill in details in her head before she said something stupid.
 
"What is your point?" said Lothsen.
 
"Jessica is the key to getting my dad's cooperation. Trust me on this, I'm his teenage daughter, if anyone knows how to manipulate Hector it's me. You can't just tell him to do stuff. When I wanted to take a week off school to go to Florida with a friend do you think I just asked him, or told him I was going? No way. I got my friend's dad, an astronomer, to suggest that seeing the rocket launch site at Cape Canaveral might get me more interested in physical sciences. Since Dad respected this guy who is a top astronomer, it was a done deal. It seems that Jessica holds sway over Dad in the field of these multiple universes. If I can trick her into helping us, then I am sure Dad could be swayed. Otherwise, there is no way Dad will help you."
 
Lothsen laughed. Once again Marnie thought she may have gone too far. Did Lothsen see through her plan? He can't, thought Marnie, I don't even know quite what my plan is so how could he?
 
"All right Miss Marnie," chuckled Lothsen. If you think Jessica Smythe is a softer target than Hector there is no harm in trying to use her. But it doesn't mean I am going to slow my efforts to find Hector. Maitland, can you get in touch with Miss Jessica Smythe and arrange for Marnie to see her?"
 
"Of course, I know where she lives." said Maitland.
 
"I am curious Marnie, Jessica Smythe is vehemently against everything that I do. How do you intend to get her on our side?" asked Lothsen.
 
"Uh, to be honest, I don't know yet, but I'll think of something."
 
"I bet you will Miss Marnie, I bet you will."
