Once again Marnie felt awful as she regained consciousness after travelling to another universe. Beside her Maitland was also coming to himself. Both were on the ground in the Churchyard of Great St. Mary's. Marnie shielded her eyes from the bright glare of this universe. The sun was out and seemed brighter than normal. As her eyes slowly adjusted she realised it was not the sun that was different, but that the streets were literally paved with gold, as were many of the buildings.
 
This was Marnie's second universe scouting trip with Maitland. Lothsen seemed to be grooming her for some job in his organisation, perhaps as another scout. Maitland could only visit so many universes. Perhaps Lothsen wanted Marnie trained up so as to increase the coverage by having another explorer.
 
Maitland whistled to himself as he became aware of the lavish surroundings. "Could all this possibly be real gold? This is an El Dorado universe if ever I saw one. Did Lothsen point you to the El Dorado myths in those history books he made you read? "
 
Marnie eyed the salivating Maitland, "Too much bling for my taste. Surely it can't be real gold and silver, can it? And no, Lothsen didn't specifically mention El Dorado, but the pages about it in his history book were well thumbed and marked I couldn't miss them. I had always considered a city of gold, jewels, and tremendous wealth somewhere in South America as only a myth. Now I am starting to wonder."
 
Maitland was having a closer look at the ornate gold railing surrounding the church's graveyard. "Of course pure gold would be too soft for metalwork like this, but it looks to me like it could be a gold alloy."
 
Just about every surface in this universe gleamed gold or silver and a few other equally shiny metals of a multitude of hues. Marnie asked, "I read that Sir Isaac Newton was into alchemy, turning lead into gold and all that. He, of course, attended Cambridge University. There is even an Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical Sciences on the other side of town. Maybe Newton actually figured out alchemy in this universe?"
 
Maitland looked up from the gold railing, "Our friend Lothsen is well read when it comes to gold and riches. He told me that Newton was offered a job as a professor at the university, but instead took a job at the Royal Mint looking after England's gold reserves. Does that sound just a little bit of an odd career choice for a mathematician? I suppose it is not unlikely that somewhere in these apparently uncountable numbers of universes there is one where Newton or someone like him managed to create gold from base metals."
 
"So what do we do?" asked Marnie. "We can't be 100% certain this stuff is real gold. Even if it is we can't take it with us."
 
"Lothsen will want to know about this universe at once." replied Maitland. This is just the sort of place he sent me out to find. He'll love it here, but he'll be frustrated as hell not being able to move the gold to somewhere where it can be sold or traded. Here all he can do is admire the bright colours. Seeing this will put more pressure on the hunt for your dad, in the hope that he will be able to build a machine that will transfer goods between universes."
 
Once again Marnie was tempted to let Maitland in on her plan to double cross Lothsen. While considering this, she realised that actually, she didn't have a plan as such, but more of a goal. She still didn't know what to think of Maitland and decided again that she didn't trust him.
 
Maitland was now intently studying the exterior of the church. Rather than stone as in the other universes Marnie had seen or imagined, here the presumably ancient building was clad in a metal of a reddish copper colour. Maitland was very intent on his work trying to scrape a sample off the walls.
 
Marnie sat on the grass, it appeared just like the good, green grass of home. How she missed the familiar things from home. What would her family be doing now? Where might they all be? She was ousted from her thoughts by the sound of something dropping on the earth behind her. Turning, she saw a beautiful necklace; a gold chain supporting a tiny whale carved from what appeared to be ivory. Looking up to see where the fantastic jewellery might have been dropped from she saw nothing to indicate its source. Picking up the necklace and standing up nobody in this universe seemed able to see her. She could see that Maitland was still absorbed with the church walls. She was about to study the necklace more closely when she noticed a blue and green hat the size of a basketball walking away across the market square. The hat was atop a tall black man. Marnie was about to call out to him when Maitland appeared beside her with his mobile modulator in his hands.
 
"We should go. Lothsen will want to know about this universe of gold." Before she knew it Marnie was groggy and on the ground again. This time back in the horrid, dusty, dull universe of the New East India Company headquarters.
