There was a standoff in Cambridge. At the entrance to the Eagle pub stood Matt and Rob. Ten metres down the pavement stood the two goons from the New East India Company. Completing the triangle ten metres across the street were Sylvia and Hector. Each of the three groups, seeing each other at the same time, was as surprised as the other.
 
The first reaction of the Mongols was to stop dead in their tracks. That quickly changed when they spied the quick thinking Hector setting up his mobile DNA modulator. Sylvia ignored the goons and wanted to run to her son and brother but was alarmed by Hector setting up the modulator. She didn't want to lose him again. Matt and Rob were happily surprised to see Sylvia safe with Hector, but alarmed by the presence of the Mongol goons as they both realised that they had unwittingly led them to Hector.
 
It was the short, wispy bearded goon that took the initiative and broke the spell of inaction. He said something to his partner and sprinted to Hector and his DNA modulator. The taller goon ran towards Matt and Rob. All Matt and Sylvia could think of doing was to run towards each other, which they did. Rob followed Matt. Hector saw that he was not going to get the modulator set up in time and followed Sylvia.
 
All six of them met in the middle of the street in a confused collection of bodies. The shorter goon now had a firm grip on Hector's right arm. "This feels familiar" he said to Hector. I remember the incident at the Mayan temple, you are not going to get away this time."
 
"Where is Marnie?" Sylvia and Hector said in unison, Hector ignoring the pressure on his bicep.
 
"They took her!" responded Matt. "Lothsen and these two men just appeared in the lab and took her. We didn't know what had happened to you Mum. We were so worried about you both. Then Uncle Rob figured out your clues, Dad, and we came to this universe to find you. These guys must have followed us. Sorry, now I've blown it again haven't I?" Matt was near tears as he spoke.
 
"Don't worry Matt," replied Hector. "You two did the right thing, our plan was for you to bring the New East India Company here, into our trap."
 
Hector felt the grip on his arm tighten. "If this is a trap, I'm still waiting for it to spring!" Said the short goon to the taller one. "It looks to me as we kind of have the upper hand here. I'll tell you what's going to happen. You, Hector are coming with us, and we'll take that DNA modulator off you if you don't mind. The rest of you, I suggest you go back home and stay there. If Hector cooperates and is a smart man we just might send your daughter back home to you. You wouldn't want to be out and about causing any trouble would you? Mr Lothsen isn't the nicest man you will ever meet. He will know if you are tinkering around in other universes. If you do, Marnie and Hector are likely to be participating in one of Lothsen's combat games. People die in those games."
 
Matt said under his breath, "Dad, the trap, now would be a good time."
 
Sylvia whispered, "We had sort of envisaged different circumstances for the actual entrapment I'm afraid. What can we do?"
 
"You do as we just said, go home and stay there." With that, the Mongols set up their own modulator and in a few seconds Hector and the goons were gone."
 
"What do we do now mum?" said Matt

Sylvia considered their options. They still had a modulator and could follow
to the New East India Company universe. Absentmindedly she touched her whale
necklace. "Lets go home. For some reason I am suddenly certain that Marnie is
OK and the she has things under control. Our meddling would only make things
worse for her and Hector."

Matt and Rob were not so confident, but Rob set the modulator for home. The three vanished from the universe of meditation, the universe with a statue of Jochi Khan and levitating stones. Sylvia was holding on to her necklace.
