Hector was jailed in a makeshift cell in a corner of the New East India headquarters. The room he occupied had been added a few hundred years ago as a private prayer room for the wealthiest families of the district, a place where those with money could be close to God without also having to be close to the peasants they used as slaves to work their lands. Dust coated the pews like a coat of old paint.
 
He had not yet seen Marnie or Lothsen. This empty, dusty universe was devoid of people or much life at all, apart from the muscle men of the Company. They seemed to do little apart from attack each other in training exercises. Hector was reminded of old Chinese Kung Fu movies with a courtyard full of martial arts students always practicing against each other.
 
Hector sat on the one remaining unbroken pew looking at a statue of the Virgin Mary. The statue stared back at him with penetrating eyes, asking him how he had let his only daughter get into such a mess. Was Marnie in a cell like this? Had she been hurt? Was she scared and lonely?
 
The door of his cell hung poorly on its hinges and scraped across the floor when opened or closed. The sound of it being forced open brought Hector out of his thoughts and onto his feet. The substantial frame of Kane Lothsen filled the doorway. Slivers of light squeezed around his bulk imitating a sick portrayal of an angel.
 
"At last we meet again," said Lothsen. "You have been a difficult man to track down."
 
"I want to see Marnie, where is she? You'd better not have hurt her!"
 
"Soon enough, you need not worry yourself about Miss Marnie. She is away at the moment, doing a little job for me. She has become a very good worker. You should be proud of her. I expect she will do very well for herself in my New East India Trading Company over the years to come."
 
"No, she is to be sent home immediately. Until I know she is safely with Sylvia in our home universe, you will get no help from me to further your power grabbing ambitions."
 
"You really are as stubborn as she says you are. Do you have movies in your home universe Hector? In all good films, there is the point where some version of the classic line is spoken; 'We can do this the easy way, or the hard way. It's your choice.' That line transcends all the different people of all the universes one can imagine. You are going to give me your method for moving objects across universes. You look surprised, of course your dear daughter told me right away about your little gift of the whale necklace. That was very sweet of you, and stupid. My scientists are giving it a good going over. Already they have shown that it can be seen and touched by the natives of several different universes. Now we just need to find out how. You will find it is less painful for Marnie and yourself if you just tell us how you did it. Are you going to choose the easy way or the hard way Hector?" Lothsen turned with as much drama as he could muster and left the confused Hector alone in his cell.
 
"Whale necklace I gave to Marnie?" Hector said to himself, "What could Lothsen be talking about? Unless, could he mean the necklace that Jerome forced on Sylvia? What was it Jerome kept saying about whales, something about close families and communicating over long distances? Maybe I should have paid more attention to him, damn it! ... I wonder.... Lothsen said I already knew how to move stuff across universe boundaries. Why would he think that? How did he get the idea that I gave Marnie the necklace and that it came from another universe?"
 
Hector knew he needed to do something, but what? Lothsen would be coming back soon, demanding an answer to his irritating question about doing things the easy way or the hard way. Lothsen is such a jerk, thought Hector.
