Meanwhile, in the same universe, Marnie and Jessica Smythe walked beside the river Cam. Maitland had brought Jessica to see Marnie in the desolate universe that hosted the New East India Company headquarters. The two females were allowed to walk and talk in private, but Jessica had been forced to leave her DNA modulator with Maitland so no escaping with Marnie would be possible.
 
As soon as they were out of sight of Maitland, Marnie broke down in tears. "What am I going to do now? This whole situation is my fault, all of it! I was playing with Dad's equipment and it sent him into these stupid universes, now I am stuck with these East India monsters and who knows what has become of my family? Just one little misjudgement, just adjusting a few dials and switches, I didn't mean any harm, of course I didn't. How could I know it would turn out like this?"
 
Jessica stroked Marnie's long, dark hair, "Marnie, look at me" she said in a soft, calming voice. "This situation is temporary. We will get through it. You, Hector and the rest of your family will be fine." Jessica hoped this sounded convincing, as she didn't really know how it would turn out. "The fact is, I am more to blame for how things have turned out than you are."
 
Marnie looked up and wiped the tears from her cheeks. "What do you mean? How could any of this be your fault?"
 
"Remember, I told you. I had helped Hector to build his DNA modulator through his dreams, and he didn't even know it. I was pushing him along for my own ends, a trait of Lothsen's that fills me with disgust. I did it too and look at the result. I am so sorry Marnie. The question now is what are we going to do to put things right?"
 
Marnie felt better, finally having someone to talk to. "I am quite well trusted by Lothsen and Maitland. I have actually been working hard at infiltrating their company. I hope that will be useful for something. They let me meet with you like this because I convinced them that my dad would listen to you if you told him to help Lothsen. Unfortunately, I didn't have time to plan what would happen next. I was just winging it and, well, I'm not sure what will help at all. Lothsen said they were close to catching Dad. I told him that Dad had already figured out how to move stuff between universes. That might have been a mistake."
 
Jessica and Marnie walked down to the river and stood on one of the many pedestrian bridges that crossed the Cam. Jessica watched the ripples on the surface of the river below them and was about to speak when Maitland called for them to return. "Marnie, I have an idea for a plan." Jessica whispered. "Expect a message from me soon: but it looks like Maitland is getting twitchy so we had better go. Let them think our talk was successful, and that I will talk to your dad.
