In a small chamber of the old church, Maitland gathered his two best pals from the White Swan pub. Mark and Paul sat on chrome bar stools which had been taken from the remains of a nearby club in the destroyed New East India Company headquarters universe. A lone shaft of light passed through one of the few intact stained glass windows. Illuminated by the beam was Martland, surrounded by swarms of dust particles which had floated through the building for hundreds of years.

"What now?" asked Paul. "I do believe we have an opportunity with Lothsen out of the picture. I'm just not sure what it is? Any ideas?"

Maitland replied, "Yes, this may have turned out better than I had imagined. Here is what we do. Lothsen was trying to control trade - he is a fool. There is no trade to control or profit from. Lothsen was banking on something that may not even be possible. However, if he convinced himself it could be done then it shouldn't be difficult to convince others. All we need is a credible story and investors will come shower us with money."

"I like it." said Mark. "Why go to the trouble of actually producing something when there is more money to be made through people investing in just the idea of it! All these universes may be new to us, but human nature hasn't changed has it?"

"Yeah, but how do we convince anyone trade is possible if it isn't, and how would people pay us even if they wanted to? There is no inter-universe currency, is there?" said Paul.

Outside, the sun went behind a cloud leaving Maitland in shadow where before he had been a beacon of light. "The lack of an inter-universe currency is yet another opportunity for us, possibly bigger than the trade thing if we get it right. Imagine being the central bank for not just one country, but for many universes. As for a credible demonstration of inter-universe trade, I think I know what to do. That Marnie girl is a tricky one. She told Lothsen that her dad gave here the whale necklace which was able to be moved between universes. She lied about that. It was Jerome, a tall black man with a penchant for big hats that gave it to her. I saw him them, but didn't say anything because I wanted to see what Marnie was up to. Jerome is the key and Marnie is the way to get to him."

Just then the three of them heard someone shuffling outside their little room.
