Once again Kane Lothsen was dizzy, semi-conscious and with his face in the dirt and his arm being pulled painfully up his back. Jessica had been smart, she had sent another of Maitland's friends on ahead to this universe to await their arrival. Her instructions had been simple, wait for two people to arrive. When they did, detain the fat man with any force deemed necessary.
 
Jessica stood over him. "Stay on your belly Lothsen, like the worm that you are. By the way, welcome to your new home."
 
Lothsen remained prostrate on the ground as instructed but looked around as best he could, attempting to determine what sort of universe he was in now. It was certainly less attractive than the last one. They were no longer in a graveyard. There was no church next to them, no buildings of any kind. He could see grasslands around and the view to the river was broken only by clumps of trees and bushes here and there. It could be the wilds of Africa rather than Cambridge.
 
Maitland's friend kept a keen eye on Lothsen as he walked over to Jessica. "I know how much you like movies," said Jessica from a safe distance. "Every good pirate film includes a scene where someone gets marooned on a desert island. Well this universe is your desert island. This universe is devoid of humans. I don't know what happened to cause that, maybe our ancestors all killed each other off thousands of years ago, or were eaten by lions. I've had a little look around. I think you will be able to survive here, just like Robinson Crusoe managed it. There seems to be plenty of fruit and vegetables growing naturally for you to graze on. The river water looks clean enough to drink, but I haven't tried it myself."
 
Jessica continued, "Keep watching for passing boats, or rather travellers. Out of the infinite number of universes the chances of someone stumbling on this one again with a DNA modulator to pick you up are pretty slim, but it leaves you a dream to cling to, doesn't it?"
 
"So long, Kane Lothsen."

"Wait," Lothsen cried out as she was preparing the modulator to leave. "Whatever you think of me, this is not the sort of person you are. Leaving me here to die will ruin you and everything you stand for. If you do this, how will you be able to stand up in front of others and convince them you are righteous and deserving of their good will?"

"Let me worry about my conscience." Jessica replied.

Lothesen was now on his feet. Maitland’s friend positioned himself between them ensuring Lothsen could not make a grab for the modulator. Lothen said, "Of course an intelligent, learned woman like you will have read enough history to know that the best method or system always triumphs in the end. Your way and mine are just different paths. You are right in that it is not up to me to decide the fate of the multi-verse that we have stumbled upon. But, neither is it your right. You are no better than me, pushing your opinion about trade on the universes. Allow history to judge who is right. If my system is wrong then following the rules of Darwinian evolution, it will die out or develop into something better. You must let evolution take its course. The choice is not for you to make. You can’t leave me here."

"All right," said Jessica. "If you want a fair fight, your monopoly versus my
open system, fine. We’ll battle it out and let history decide. Consider this
my first punch!." With that she hit a button on her modulator leaving Lothsen
very, very alone.
