The next day.

Lothsen started to come to his senses after travelling with Maitland and Hector to the universe of gold. For Lothsen it was like waking up and still being in a dream, as his eyes began to take in the glorious views of the riches all around him. The waking dream was cut short as Lothsen was roughly turned onto his front with his face pushed into the soft brown dirt of the graveyard. His left arm was twisted behind his back, the pain increasing as his hand neared the back of his head.
 
Lothsen’s first reaction was to look to his two minders who always travelled with him. To his left and right his men were being subjected to the same treatment. His burly Mongol thugs were both being tied in up similar unpleasant positions. They would be of no help.
 
Hector struggled to his feet. Seeing someone pinning down his captor, he reached for Marnie. However, his legs had not yet become his own after the trans-universe travel and he fell back clumsily to the ground.
 
Marnie looked up to see Jessica smiling down at her. Was this a good thing or had she made another mistake by trusting this woman?
 
Maitland appeared from behind Marnie and was the first to speak. "There you go Jess. All wrapped up just like you asked." he said, nodding towards Lothsen and his men. The men holding Lothsen and the Mongols down in the dirt were obviously friends of Maitland’s and looked to him for instructions. "What do you intend to do with them now?"
 
Jessica kicked Lothsen’s DNA modulator well out of his reach and began to set up her own. "Well done Maitland, I knew I could count on you and your friends. Just hang on to the thugs for a few minutes. Lothsen and I are going on a little trip." She nodded for the man holding Lothsen to step away and she initiated her modulator. Jessica Smythe and Kane Lothsen vanished to another universe.
 
Hector was ecstatic to see Marnie safe. Marnie was relieved to learn that all the family were accounted for and probably fine, provided that Sylvia, Matt and Rob had gone home and stayed there as instructed.

"What is the plan, Maitland?" Marnie asked him. "You seem to have changed allegiances? Did Jessica talk you into this?"
 
"My allegiance has always been to myself, no changes made." he responded. "I owed Jess a favour, that’s all. Now she and I are square. What she does with Lothsen is up to her."

Marnie then told her father all about her experiences in the various universes and her work infiltrating the New East India Company. Hector was most impressed. Only then did Marnie start to tell Hector that her meddling with instrumentation in his laboratory caused all this mess in the first place.
 
"What do we do with these guys?" asked one of Maitland’s friends who was struggling with his captive.
 
"Let them go." said Maitland. "With Lothsen out of the picture, you two are
free to do what you want. Finding a better job with a nicer boss would be my
advice." The two goons were allowed to get up and after a bit of aggressive posturing the two men became intoxicated by the visions of gold, silver and jewels all around them and wandered off.
 
"What is happening?" Marnie asked Maitland again. "Where has Jessica gone with Lothsen? Can Dad and I go home now?"
 
"You had best wait for Jess to return and explain things. I’m not sure what she is up to and I would like to find out as well."
