The building of the Egyptian pyramids constructed two and a half thousand years before Christ by up to 100,000 people would be a tiny undertaking compared with what Jerome had in mind. The Great wall of China was built over thousands of years and is nearly half the length of the circumference of the earth at the equator. It too would be a minor project compared to Jerome's plan for the volcanism of South East Asia.

Jerome decided early that the bigger the undertaking, the better. He knew the forces within the planet and especially in the area of a super-volcano were beyond anything that mankind had ever attempted to alter. Even Jerome was not certain of the outcome with respect to the planet. He did calculate there was at least a chance of delaying a cataclysmic explosion for a few thousands of years, and that was good enough. Jerome also calculated a high probability of encouraging his fellow man to work together against a common enemy. He hoped and prayed that would be enough to distract people from the never-ending battles which were still the staple diet of the 5:00 news.

The plan to tame the volcano was simple, but complex at the same time. The first need was for data. They had to discover all they could about what lay beneath the beautiful mountains and forests of Sumatra. The goal was to build up a three-dimensional, moving model of the earth's crust and mantle. Data for the model would be provided by placing sensors, thousands and thousands of them all around the planet and as deep within the earth as possible. Everything would have to be measured, movement, temperature, magnetism, pressure and dozens of other data points. Great computers would be built to analyse the data, computer scientists from around the globe would combine efforts to stitch the data together. The space race and arms race of the 60s led to many spin-off technologies and advancements. This effort would dwarf them both.

All countries would contribute with he placement and monitoring of the earth within their borders. Sensors were put deep British coal mines, at the summits of the Alps and Andes, and sunk to the bottom of the deepest trenches in the Pacific. Data was sent to the Caribbean from all around the world every second of every day. Every minor tremor of the earth's crust was now providing data for the planetary model.

Step two was to enhance the accuracy of the models by several orders of magnitude. This would be done by ending the reliance on naturally occurring earth tremors to provide data. It would be necessary to induce vibrations into the planet itself. Scientists and engineers would learn to control the timing, duration and size of  massive the underground explosions necessary to chart the inner workings of the planet. This stage required years of digging, tunnelling, drilling and engaged the sorts of men that otherwise would likely be paid by governments and tribes be shooting at each other. 

The third stage of averting planetary destruction from the magma building pressure under South-East Asia would be the most ambitious stage by far. Preliminary results encouraged Jerome's theory that mankind would not need to engage the forces of planet earth in back street brawl which man would surely lose. His plan was to nudge continually and coerce the earth in a less destructive direction. This, he hypothesised could be done with an explosion here, movement of a mountain there and digging of a series of geothermal vents. This would be an ongoing job, continuing for decades to come.