# At Cambridge

Jerome's island had strong links with the British Commonwealth. Through these, young Jerome was identified by the local  education system and put forward as a candidate for a scholarship. At the age of 16, being a polymath genius, Jerome took up a full scholarship offer at Cambridge University's Cavendish Laboratory. Although officially entered into the Battcock Centre for Experimental Astrophysics, he would be found in just about any lecture theatre or laboratory in any of the city's universities.

His tutors were not surprised at the wide range of interests taken by their star pupil, but they were surprised when political and social science began to receive equal attention as geology, oceanography, mathematics, physics and the more traditional hard sciences.

To say the 16-year-old, 6'5" tall Afro-Caribbean Jerome stood out at Cambridge is an understatement. He suffered from being different from the predominantly British, white, upper-class Oxbridge student. He felt the need to constantly to prove that despite his youth and sing-song island accent he deserved a free place in one of the world's foremost institutes of higher learning. 

Jerome very quickly learned that he had entered a highly competitive environment. At home, he had never been challenged, physically or mentally. The islanders recognized that Jerome was a talent to be appreciated and proud of. At Cambridge University, he was a threat to the norm. Jerome's instinct was not to fight back when challenged but to accept that he might be wrong, and others were likely older and wiser.

After a whirlwind five years at Cambridge, Jerome graduated with two doctorate degrees. He spent the next two years establishing a laboratory of advanced earth sciences on his home island in the Caribbean. At first it was difficult to attract the best minds away from the current centres of science in England, China and the United States. However, as the scientific papers and stories of the enchanting lifestyle began to flow out from the institute, accolades, awards, and the top tier scientists began to flow in.

Then something happened. The world was about to change, and Jerome's institute would become more significant than even its founder might have dreamed.
