Jerome grew up in his small Caribbean island home with two distinct channels of background noise. On the one hand, he learned the joys of the sun, sea, beaches, and fresh seafood BBQs on the sand. His family were poor, but his father had a knack for two things, catching fish and cooking them. At least once a week Jerome would help his father drag their beat up old oil drum down to the beach. Friends and neighbours would bring firewood and rum. Soon the whole beach was a seafood party. As the sun set, Jerome could often be found staring out at the glowing sea wondering who might be staring back toward him from all the other beaches across the Atlantic from West Africa, South America, North America, Greenland, Iceland, to Western Europe and beyond. All that separated Jerome from like-minded curious children on those many shores were the waters of the Atlantic. He felt he ought to be able to communicate with them as easily as he could with the friends near him. He had read that whales can send signals for hundreds of miles through the water, surely humans could do something similar. The sea and connections to distant people was one channel that would take him years to master.

The second channel of background music to Jerome's life was the world news. The family T.V. was usually broken in one way or another, but an old radio hung from a nail in the family shack. Some would call the room in which it hung the kitchen, but to them it was known simply as, the room. The main bulk of family life happened in that room, cooking, eating, talking, fighting, homework and more often than not the radio provided a constant flow of Reggae music, sports and news updates. 

The news seemed to Jerome as a continuous flow of armed warfare, adults arguing with other adults about disagreements between their grandfathers and troubles caused by some people's views on religions. Through the predominantly happy years of Jerome's childhood, the ongoing news updates from that battered radio hanging off a nail created a pattern in the neurons of Jerome's brain. Where memories of fishing with his father, chasing his little brother on the beach or chatting with his mother long into the night left delicate footprints across his brain, the news carved a scar through his psyche.