Walking the beach one evening, Jerome heard the low-fi crackling of a radio from a shack just off the beach. He could not distinguish the words, but the cadence had the makings of a news update. It would probably be some more stories of the recent round of battles in the Middle-East or South America. The normal news flow which he had digested all though his youth then halted. Jerome could still not distinguish any of the words, but the newsreader had taken on an altogether more urgent pace - a special report or urgent bulletin of some sort assumed Jerome.

Upon his return to his small home near the institute, he was met by a dozen of his top scientists and managers. The reason for the change in the news soon became clear.

At 100km long and over 500km deep in places, Indonesia's Lake Toba is the largest volcanic lake on earth. It was created out of the remnants of the planet's most recent super-volcano eruption which shook South-East Asia only 69,000 years ago. The eruptions are thought to have triggered a volcanic winter in which the higher latitudes saw a decrease in average temperatures of 15 degrees C for hundreds or thousands of years. All of South-East Asia was covered in volcanic ash causing a dramatic extinction event. The human race itself declined to only 10,000 individuals as the volcanic havoc impacted Africa and India. The population bottleneck led to a reduction in genetic variation in humans that can be seen to this day.

This day had seen a triple geological event not known for approximately 69,000 years. Fifty miles to the North of Lake Toba another undersea landslide set off a tsunami racing toward the banks of Malasia and Sumatra, which surround the Malacca Strait. At almost the same time, a pair of volcanoes to the south of Toba became active after having rested for tens of thousands of years.

Isolated geological events such events were becoming more and more frequent occurrences around Indonesia but having three at the same time was as clear an indication there could be that the entire region was primed to explode. A globe threatening super-volcano eruption was threatening.

Jerome's brain jumped into action; synapses fired, minute chemical changes altered the delicate balances somehow pulling up memories, facts and that most miraculous of human powers creativity. Where most people would see an insurmountable problem, how to stop a super-volcano, Jerome conjured up an opportunity to not only save the planet from its own destructive forces but at the same time focus the violent nature of mankind on something other than itself.
