# Childhood
  
Even when new, the tiny craft was not meant for waves like these. In a good storm the waves come from the same direction, even if they are larger than normal a ship can be directed into the wave with the bow splitting the bulk of a wave's power in half pushing the boat up and leaving it to then crash down into the trough between crests. Boats are designed to battle that sort of storm. 

Jerome's father had two problems. The first problem was his boat. The second problem was the waves. He had set to sea with Jerome, then age 7 and his other son Alex, age 5. The day had started clear and calm. Alex was meant to be with his mother that day but had pleaded desperately to join his father and brother on the days work of fishing. Alex was at the age where "man stuff" was starting to be more appealing than following his mother around as the worked at the market, selling the catch and a few spare vegetables from the family garden.

The fishing boat was a hand-me-down. However, no one in the small Caribbean village nestled around an idyllic cove with sandy beach and coconut palms could remember exaclty who had handed it down to Jerome's father. The boat had simply always around. Most of the paint had long ago flaked away but most of the islanders agreed that it had probably been blue at one point. Such important debates often filled the evenings as the locals sat around beach as the sun set over their communal steel drum which had been cut in half to form a ramshackle BBQ. The boat's hull was a ecosystem of its own carrying all manner of sea creatures along with any jetsam and flotsam the craft had come across over the years. On a good day, the motor would start after a few minutes and the boat would deliver Jerome's father safely to and from the plentiful fishing of the reef just a mile or so form the cove. This was not going to be a good day.

"What makes waves?" Alex asked. 

Jerome's father answered, "the moon makes them" and continued pulling in the net with a modest catch.

"How does the moon make waves?" said Alex.

Jerome, looked at the sea which at this point was bouncy, but far from violent. He put all of his 7 years of life experience to bear on figuring out an answer to satisfy his little brother's curiosity. After a few minutes Jerome said, "I reckon that it must be the wind that makes waves, have you seen little waves when you blow across the top of a bowl of mom's soup to cool it down? Imagine wind like that blowing for miles and miles across the ocean. That would make pretty big waves."

Jerome's father looked up and grinned. "There you go again, I must admit, your wind theory sounds logical. How do you always manage to figure stuff out?"

"What about the moon?" said Alex.

"Yeah, I'm sure I've heard the moon has something to do with waves." Said their father.

Once again, Jerome took a few minutes staring at the sea while more fish was hauled aboard. Finally, he spoke, "It must be that the moon controls the tides, not waves. Tides are cyclic just like the moon. If the earth has enough gravity to hold us and the water on earth I suppose the moon could have enough gravity to pull at the water a little. Combine that with the spinning of the earth and the moon circling around us and you have tides."

"Did they teach you that at school?" asked is dad.

"No, it just makes sense doesn't it." answered Jerome.

Jerome's father shook his head in admiration. "You'll go far my boy, with that brain of yours."

While they had been talking and fishing the weather was changing. The waves altered their personality becoming both angry and random. They were a good hour from the safety of land but hauled up the net one last time and pointed the little ship toward the cove. 

The waves smashed the boat from port, then from starboard. They lifted and threw the craft up and down, left to right and right to left. The wind had picked up hurling itself with such a force powerful enough on its own to tip the boat 45 degrees off vertical. Jerome and Alex clung to the mast as if their lives depended on it. Their lives did depend on it. Their father pushed the small motor as hard as he could but most of the time he heard the propeller spinning uselessly in the air.

In one universe, the wind and waves conspired the timing of their blows to shatter the boat and pull boys beneath the water. It was this universe, one without Jerome in which Hector created a modulator and, with his family, entered the multi-verse.

Another universe was spawned in which the trio managed to make port, to live and tell the tale of the day the sea turned against them. Alex could brag to his friends that he, his dad and brother had beaten the odds and survived.
